Yes it is a rather old post but doesn't mean people can't relate to it anymore. And it just proves that this is a major issue that should be addressed more.
And yet here you are.
Hi this post is 4 years old. Just to let you know. x
This post is 4 years old folks. If you have an issue why not put it up as a new post? x
Thank you. This is helpful and inspiring to me ❤️
I wish you peace and love and no expectations.Dale
I honestly think there are a lot of people out there who feel the same way as well.
A lot of the posts I read on here seem to have good reason; PTS, loss, finances etc - does anyone have no 'good' reason?
anyway sorry for rambling its just good to know im not alone that there are other ppl like this
i just want to start by saying thank you .
"Words are just that. Im not trying to be rude to the ones giving great advice . But when your in a state of hoplessness words are just words. It helps to talk and have a person listen truly listen
As for 'got better', I'm not sure you do. My view of it is a bit like alcoholics - you're always an alcoholic you're just x years sober. A person who has depression might be x years 'positive'!
"Around, but letting this thread take its own course now. I've left others to decide on good advice for posters who use this thread as a beacon for their own issues. If you read through all of it you'll see I've replied over the years if I've been explicitly referenced or asked.
"I am not sure rsjg is still around, no response to any queries, maybe got better.
but ask your self questions about you, about your dreams and your passions(if you don’t have any think about past passions or anything that may make you smile, switch things up).people who love you will respect what you want and allow you to do what you need to do to get better.
for me as an example a life with a purpose is a life that makes the world a better place.you could want to make a mark like writing a book.
or ask yourself what has made you happy in the past? And what would give someones life purpose?
so as a random example f**k off to africa or the slums in India and help the dying children.
i want a purpose and I want to do something that will give my life vaule.
my advice would be to find something you care about. so for me I would be like what do I want from life?
"So to me it sounds like ur depressed because I think lots of people diagnosed with depression feel empty and purposeless.
"Just want to say folks that this post is 4 years old. If anyone has issues it is a much better idea to put your own post up to ensure everyone can see it. It can get lost on someone elses post. x
Fact people is we are rot. We are forgotren weeds that are just waiting to not have to wake up or for a opportunity to be useful.
"Wow so true to my existence
"So glad. It's evident that most of us value you.
"Wow, so gratified you are still around. Good idea letting discussions happen and learn, i try to do same. Good luck to you.
"Still here. But just standing back, letting others lead, discuss and share.
"Anyone notice rsjg has not replied for four years, wondering if hes still here
I love you dearly.... even if I don't know you. And I hope you one day see the beauty in the world and in yourself.
Your a beautiful specimen, no.... you're more than a measly specimen....you're a beautiful painite, precious, amazing, unique and rare gem. And you matter more than anything.
"Hi. I'm not gonna be saying a lot (hopefully) but.... just try. I know what you mean. And the best thing to do would be to try. Try to find the wonderful and beautiful things in everyday life. Know that YOU ARE NOT USELESS AND YOU MATTER TO E.V.E.R.Y.O.N.E. Whenever you think that you're not worth it, CHANGE THAT BAD THOUGHT AROUND TO ""I AM WORTH IT!"" Look yourself in the mirror and say ""I. AM. WORTH. IT"" and keep repeating it with emphasis. Doing this will eventually change your mindset...or at least I hope it would.
Nobody was born with their consent, we should therefore be granted the inherent right to decide how and when we die.
"Perhaps we should all stand together and continue Dr. Kevorkian's fight. Not just for those who are termanilly ill, but also for those of us who are ""tired"".
"My word Chris, you are eloquent - so well written. It seems you have had a long path of self discovery and have come to a place of simple acceptance. Your words are soothing.
PS hope you like me
And rsjg, carry on being yourself and don't go beating yourself up too much. You say you have helped others and I am sure others accept you for who you are even if you think they shouldn't. It's up to them!
Thanks to hypercat for mentioning CEN, I am sure it is something that has contributed to my problem but I am not keen on labels. It is too easy to say I am this or I am that, you must make me better. What is the point of a label with out effective treatment and a solution. At the end of the day 'it is what it is' and 'we are who we are'. I think we all react differently to life's difficulties some fight some run some just struggle. I endure, that is the truth and I hate saying it but accept it. From there I can move on. Probably to nowhere but hey-ho!
I appreciate you caring enough to respond. Means a lot.
If you are having such thoughts then please do reach out to the team at the Samaritans (or the other people detailed in our leaflet) who will understand what you're going through and will be able to help.
Their contact details are on our patient information leaflet here: https://patient.info/health/dealing-with-suicidal-thoughts, which also offers lots of other advice on how you can access the help you may need.
If you are having these suicidal thoughts then we strongly recommend you speak to someone who may be able to help. The Samaritans offer a safe space where you can talk openly about what you are going through. They can help you explore your options, understand your problems better, or just be there to listen.
We note from a recent post which you have made to our forum that you may be experiencing thoughts around self-harm. If we have misinterpreted your comments then we apologies for contacting you directly. But if you are having such thoughts then please note that you are not alone in this, and there are people out there that can help.
my few friends says I am mentall
"Hi hope you doing fine in life! its been 4years you written this article.
"Hi I didn't put the link on at first coz it has to be checked by the moderator. I just remembered I can put links on now without it being delayed! x
"https://www.goodtherapy.org/blog/how-to-recognize-overcome-childhood-emotional-neglect-0218165
"Wanting to kill yourself doesn't in itself mean you are depressed or mentally unstable. Some people (and it seems like this is you) are just extremely unhappy, without an obvious cause. I have no answers for you, other than to say always try to find something....anything....to make it worthwhile being around tomorrow.
But genuinely, thank you, it means a lot
But I do hope that you are still with us and that you're enduring life the best that you can. If so, realize that you have added a lot of value to our lives--and please feel proud of that.
I realize it's been several years since you've contributed to this discussion. I'm going to assume it's because it has become an energy drain on you, which would be very understandable.
You also mention eventually becoming a burden to your girlfriend. Okay, that might be true. But have you considered why your girlfriend is spending her life with you? It's quite possible that she sees the same qualities in you that I (and possibly others on this board) see. Meaning, you add value to her life too. If not, she would be just another friend who has distanced themselves from you.
Not to mention giving. Your post indicates that you are indirectly asking for help. What you've ended up with is a bunch of people who want to commiserate with you, often making your post about themselves. And what did you do? You ended up counseling them!
* interesting! (boring people blather on about superficial topics, you are everything BUT superficial)
* emotionally honest (what you call ""negative""
What that says to me is that you are:
In my opinion, you are just responding to the accumulative effects of life (it's okay to blame life). Nearly all of us feel this way at times. Why else do you think that so many people have responded to your post? What we all have in common is the ""human condition"". But it's the way that you've described this state of depression...no one else has articulated it so well.
you alone are the most high over all the earth.""
Psalm 83: 18 ""May all men know that you, whose name is Jehovah,
Phillipians 4: 6, 7 ""Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God and the peace of God that excels all thought will guard your hearts and MENTAL powers by means of Christ Jesus.
I was moved by your saying you don't blame your mom, even though what she said made you angry. No mom or dad would knowingly put their children in harms way. We really hope and believe we are doing what's best. Unfortunately most of what we know is taught to us by another imperfect human so results may vary.... Let God be found true though every man a liar. The wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.
I agree. What if this is just 'me'.
Don’t sign a bad book deal. Make some money!!
"Take all this and write a book. You’re very articulate, well educated and so many people feel the same. Find a catchy title and start typing. You’ll do great!
Also know the world does have many people who genuinely care.
If you tried this let me know if you did?
When you wake up run a bath not to hot sit back back enjoy the heat for a couple of minutes then very slowly run the cold water let it stay on until it's pretty cold but not freezing but enough where your not totally comfortable.
I can't help you find this but i can suggest things that will kickstart and they start off very basic.
Feelings and emotions are only real because we allow them to be have you ever killed a bug and felt nothing ? You allowed yourself to feel nothing (It's not oh it's only a bug) You feel nothing because you allowed it be it because of ""It's Accepted"" by society or whatever. The feelings you have now are there because you've accepted them and/or were taken medicine. If you choose to be happy you will and I don't mean putting on a smile and ""Acting"" positive.
Life feels pointless because of death or of others death but it's not pointless everyday the person you see your gf or whoever is blessed to have you she sees in you what you see in her but regardless you need to find what you loved about life before you felt this way and s'ying i don't know is a copout really.
People who do stuff or live a certain way because they see someone else enjoying and you don't that's not the life for you deep down you'll probably know this.
The hard part is quite easy all you have to do is what i said find what made you happy before then emulate it and if not possible then ask yourself why not?
There really is no-one holding anyone back except ourselves even with responsibility like family or even if family is the problem work social life anything doesn't matter. The fact that there people who express the same emotions as you or me can only mean 2 things to me.
I know it's easy to tell people what will help them but you should find what you loved in life before you felt this way and if you find that answer and the answer is something that is no longer possible you now have the answer why you feel this way.
(The above passage was tracked down by Matt Seybold of the Center for Mark Twain Studies)
""Ask yourself a most profound question: “What are the two most important days in my life?” THE DAY YOU WERE BORN and THE DAY YOU REALIZE WHY YOU WERE BORN! And why were you born? You were born to bless the lives of others. You were born to make a contribution.""
A quote apparently not by Mark Twain, but traced to a passage from a book by Anita Canfield entitled, 'A Woman & Her Self-Esteem'
It might not be a fluke that we've all found each other here.
But anyway, thanks for your words. I shall try to remember them in the hope that one day, if even for a brief moment, I can believe them.
"I do read, I rarely reply these days. Not much I can attempt to disagree with in your words but, seeing as you took the time, it would be rude not to acknowledge my appreciation for your efforts.
Being 'fun' and 'easy-going' are underrated anyway I hope life is improving for you and you don't feel you need to put up so many appearances.
Please don't take how you feel about yourself for an objective reality, and please don't imagine that you're of any less value than the rest of us. Don't imagine that you have to be a certain way for people to care about you and certainly don't put up any pretence about who you are.
In the long term, I am as certain as I can be of anything that it would hurt your family. Not guilt-trip, but it seems that these thighs stem from a lack of self-worth.
You also mentioned how you try to be easy going and fun around friends but this is exhausting. You don't need to be easy going and fun. Whoever said that these are the virtues we need to embody? There are many out there who appreciate far more the qualities of self-knowledge, humility and even self-doubt. It's what we all feel, to greater or lesser degrees, though most try to hide it.
I'm sorry the medication didn't work. don't let this experience write off medication entirely. It may be that you haven't found the right medicine yet. Not that that is the solution, but it can provide a helping step on the way.
As most of us do, you seem to place a lot of emphasis on your relationships with others, and how much of a burden you may be to them. Above all though, it seems like you perceive yourself as a burden from the outset. If you believe this then, at least in your own eyes, this is what you will become.
I'm sorry you have so much perceived failure in your life. Reading your post, it sounds like you try so hard, so hard that you are affecting an image that isn't your own. This in itself is exhausting and of course it leads to a sense of failure. How can you be this appearance you aspire to be?
"I don't know if you still receive these comments but thought I would reply regardless.
May I suggest something that may seemed far fetched, sell everything you own go to a place of your ideal climate work just enough to survive (possibly a bar), play the lottery at least once a month and just enjoy your surroundings as much as you can.
"Hello,your problem is so painful.But mine that of course you can come back if you realize what is base your problem.It has the advantage of finding the solution and many of you will find solutions for yourself.
I wish you all the luck in the world.
But please don't take this as a direct response to your own issues. We're all different. Start your own thread and see if you can find any answers or actions that can help you.
http://patient.uservoice.com/knowledgebase/articles/398331-private-messages
http://patient.uservoice.com/knowledgebase/articles/398316-adding-links-to-posts
Moderator comment: I have removed the link(s) directing to site(s) unsuitable for inclusion in the forums. If users want this information please use the Private Message service to request the details.
But if you're feeling that low now and have never sought help before, the doctors should be accessed immediately. Explore all options before you give up. Good luck.
You may find that it's an easy fix for you if someone professional looks at it - I'm not sure how long you've felt the way you do or anything but something's can be simply chemical deficiencies that are easily rectified. If you go to a doctor and still don't have any solutions then maybe this kind of forum may help.
"My 'status' is of no help or relevance to you. But you sound like you need help so maybe your first point of call should be a doctor.
"*Should have been wasn't not was.
If interested have a look at it. I got most of my info from Psych Central. It might ring some bells for you too. x
I think the good news for you is that you are still here so you are getting through life somehow 3 years later. I still think counselling would help you but it wouldn't be easy and it would be long term.
"I agree with you about your post rsjg. I have never known a post to be this long before!
"Same here what do I do then
"That was supposed to be bueler, not butler.
Why should death be scary? We are born and its beautiful! We become children and it beautiful! We get married and it beautiful! We have children and it Beautiful !We have grandchildren and it Beautiful! Why cant our death be beautiful!?
I really believe that this is our ""Cocoon"" and once we break out and release the true ""Us"", we will reach our real potential or move on to the next stage of evolution.
It was luck that helped us develop large brains and dominate the planet, there are endless other possibilities of how things could have gone for Mankind!
Confused mind with always options and finally end with not choosing either.
Hope you're doing better, keep well and keep on keepin' on - you never know what kinda goodness could be lurking around the next corner or wrapped in a mundane-appearing tomorrow.
"...(sorry my finger bumped 'reply' at the wrong time) to continue...I keep close by from the book of Jeremiah in the Bible, chapter 29 and verse 11, ""For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.""
Well, that went grey pretty quick jeez, lol. Anyway perhaps just this very act of sharing is enough to keep hope alive...like a support group of sorts...I'll leave you with a verse that
I guess that is life.
Mmm, maybe I should stop writing today. Good luck with your own journeys. Take solace in the belief that I am hopefully not typical. If you can find your cause you have hope of fixing it. If you have not messed stuff up because of it then hopefully things can get better from here. I have seen, and spoken to a few people, who have been at very very low points and gone on to have very successful and, more importantly, happy lives.
"It's been a few years since post. I was searching around and came across this post and was wondering how things are going
Easy on yourself and just let it be
Each person ...is different and unique ...and almost always has a ""straw that broke the camel's back""
Now I know I am about to open a can of worms here but .....feeling down or feeling ""blue"" isin't depression.
Wishing you the best.
"I would advise you to do some breathing exercises. They Help. Drink a lot of water. Begin your day with a slow pace. Study the benefits of cold showers for your condition. Try to join team sports like football or what ever.
1. Doing something constructive with a tangible and productive outcome.
4. Doing something new and challenging that I beleive will lead to tangible positive effects for myself and or others.
3. Doing something that has lasting positive benifeits and effects on my own living conditions or those of someone I care about.
2. Doing something that immidiately benifeits myself or someone I care about.
A lot of the posts I read on here seem to have good reason; PTS, loss, finances etc - does anyone have no 'good' reason?
i wish you all the strength
Thank you. I wish you luck too. I'm sure you've made some right decisions. Wouldn't it be nice to read about someone who 'recovered' or will we have to live this til the end?
yes...it woukd be very nice to read about someone who has been suffering from depr. and is now feeling happy and normal again
What a fantastic answer, but also a really bad one!! Let me explain...
Firstly I'm very pleased to see you are happy and treat every day as a gift. Obviously I'm sorry you have such daily physical problems but I'm sure that makes you even happier you did the skydiving when you did. I'm really pleased what you did worked for you and it's encouraging to find a rare example of someone who has somewhat defeated depression even if the cost of that has been quite extreme.
And this is why your answer is both fantastic and bad! For you, and others it may work. You are obviously an inspiration to lots of people not only for the physical issues (which are almost a separate issue) but for the fact you have altered your way of thinking in a positive manner. But they also highlight how everyone's issues are unique - and as well intentioned, and even correct, your view that it could be worse it, that can actually make people feel worse.
Thanks for your reply, I hope I didn't come across aggressively! I'm very happy that you are happy and hope things improve if that's possible for you. Good luck, have a great Christmas and a lovely New Year.
Well, from reading your stuff here it would appear that we think in a similar fashion. Quite obvious really, otherwise why was I searching for other's thoughts on 'being tired of life'!
Anyway, having read all of your posts here I'd like to say that I appreciate someone taking the time to punctuate as properly as someone can be reasonably expected to.
I read someone here say to get some 'less stressful' work like in a warehouse or something similar, well, let me tell that person that any and all work which involves interaction with other humans is highly stressful, incredibly tiring and seemingly ultimately pointless!
It is New Year's Day 2016 and thankfully that (oh such fun and loving) period of falseness is over for another 11 months! I wonder how many more there will be and will they all be quite so alone (not lonely) for me.
you apparently have some free time on your hands during the days while the bread winner in your team is at work for you. You also sound as though you like to help people and don't currently have any excuse not to try something simple for someone else's benifit. So, what I want you to do with your loose end time is to research (get this right please) High Functioning Asperger's Syndrome for me. Now, I cannot pay you, you will purely be helping me out, there is no end to the research and all you get is satisfaction and something else to think about for a while.
How does this sound to you?
At least Google - High Functioning Asperger's Syndrome, become a specialist and help people in the future to work smarter with my lifelong challenges.
Cheers and Happy New Year
I had a few people on her write to me over Xmas/ New Year but needed to ignore them - too much energy was needed to focus on acting happy and normal around family!
I wish I could talk to you more directly than on an open forum. I've said before, knowledge is a great thing - but it can also be a curse. You need to be particuarly careful self-diagnosing but also need to think whether this diagnosis is in any way helpful to you. Say you decide that you are HFAS - how does that help you? If you can't source help then it is just another meaningless semantic for feeling awful day to day.
I'd never pick holes in others punctuation and grammar unless they were doing it to others! It's a forum, not a thesis! However if you have the time and pride to check your message back then maybe you do have the time to look at HFAS if it interests you.
To be honest, knowledge is something I despise yet am addicted to so I will inevitably be searching HFSA after I've written this reply! But without an argument or focus it is impossible to really research a topic to any purpose. I will happily help others if I can (preferably from afar!) but not sure what I could do to focus your research on this matter and whether it'd even be of any benefit to you anyway.
Like I said, there is certainly an interesting discussion to be had but unfortunately I doubt this is the place to do it effectively for you or I.
As I'm sure you're aware, everyone is somewhere on the autistic spectrum and all the various labels that spin off that. Even the most 'normal' of people might feel particuarly calmed by a colour, or get irritated by a simple tapping noise. The issues arise when your 'quirks' impact on your life. Mine do for me, and yours sound like they do for you.
I have had a ton of labels I have both researched or been told about that might fit my ways of thinking and acting but the conclusion I reached was that it was all kind of pointless - a label by its very nature is just a broad title to fit many people and when that comes to the brain it's a very pointless exercise. You might be able to group broken limbs in patients but with the head it's nearly impossible - there's too many bits that do or don't apply for every individual. Ultimately a title is only helpful to point you in the right direction to get you personalised help. And it HAS to be personalised.
Think about what you want from this title. How will it help you? You might be better focusing on the things that make you feel better, not labelling something that makes you feel bad.
Well let's try simplify things yer take a short cut home and trip and break your ankle.
Painful and going to take time to heal. You do what's required without a second thought. You think about it you convince yourself that rest and guidance is the key but you never need to question why that day you chose the short cut.
The brain however gets a rougher deal if that breaks. You know what you need to do because the experts tell you but why believe them ? Why ? Let's question and even if there right you question how. When. Why me.
Forgive forget way up see what yer got live now move on.
Been there its around the corner. Just let it be
Mate I can't speak for others but compared to some on this path you are to be applauded. You are nothing short of a perfect human being that I for one would happily share this planet.
There is a simple answer for you to feel what others feel but I personally think you should stay where you are and that is to live for the next breath.
Join the army. Your overthinking and social anxiety is caused by the fact that there is too much in this world. Too many potential opportunities choices and expectations. In the at you have a very simple job and it sets up a routine and discipline.
I dip between a wish to not be around that is forever there and seems to be backed up with wholly logical reasons that people genuinely struggle to refute to absolutely crashing panic attacks/ given up when my 'theories' are proved.
A lot of the posts I read on here seem to have good reason; PTS, loss, finances etc - does anyone have no 'good' reason?
What is depression and what is just character?!
I get the impression that you are highly sensitive, empathic, and have high ideals.
Let's be honest, there is more bad in this world than there is good. Consciously or not, we're all constantly being barraged with negative messages. And negative emotions have more staying power than fleeting feelings of joy. Your brain is more than likely over stimulated and is compensating / protecting you by dulling your emotions.
Think of a traumatic event that you have witnessed (car crash, violent scene in a movie, etc.). Your senses are on high alert, you question yourself as to whether you really saw and heard what just happened, you find yourself in shock.
Like shock, depression is a manifestation of our brain's self-protecting powers. It's by no means a comfortable state of being, it leaves one feeling 'flat' (to depress is to flatten), apathetic, tired. But it's an effective mechanism that shields us from feeling intense upset.
What you are describing rsjg, is typical depression. I think that you will find that you will cycle in and out of it throughout your lifetime. This is not a character weakness, as you come off as being very honest, insightful, caring, and intelligent.
I haven't lived in Brittain (I'm assuming that's where you're from) but here in the U.S. there is tremendous (and unrealistic) pressure to be happy all the time. Nobody can live up to that standard, and 'phonying up' (so others will be more comfortable around you) and living with self - deception is exhausting. If that doesn't rob one of a strong sense of self, depression surely will. The best that we should aim for is contentment.
Thank you for your wise words.
Sorry to hear that! If only there were a magic pill.
Like the therapist who advised the main female character in The Stepford Wives, I say ""Get the hell out of there!""
"I doubt you have no one, family is only one part. Work friends? Neighbours?
But, for the sake of discussion, if there is really no-one then in a way you know how to feel better and that gives you a lot of power. I don't even know how to be 'happy' and feel I should leave those around me before I drag them down too!
If you feel lonely, then be a little more proactive, join some clubs or groups etc. Without being offensive, you are a little older than me and there are a lot more clubs set up for your age group than mine that wouldn't be intimidating. I get expectations of sports clubs (loud bravado people!) or nightclubs etc where as I'm sure there are more suitable groups for you. Knowing what you want to make you happy is a great thing.
As for your family, you seem to want nothing to do with them. Great! Sorry, people on here may say that's sad etc or to try but it's your situation - if you simply don't get on then absolutely forget them. People survive without families all the time. Or you mentioned the recluse, maybe you need each other...
I sympathise, in case that didn't come across, so whilst I appreciate I have one on you by having a partner (although that can make you feel worse by the way in that you feel like a burden) you also have one on me knowing what will make you happy.
You don't need family/partner to feel loved. In fact family's love often feels more 'because you're family' than out of want. Friends are there purely because they want to be.
I apologise if I jumped to conclusions based on your message but I maintain that with the active social life you live you have LOADS of people who would miss you. Love is not exclusively available from family and partners. You seemed to suggest this was why you were largely unhappy so I think you know what makes you tick; you miss a partner/ family bonds. I'm not going to be stupid enough to say 'fix it' then as it's never that simple, but knowing what would make you happy is a positive; at least it gives you a target.
There is not much more available to me because of my age then there is you. Many of the groups are for old people who want to knit and gossip. Nearly all of them have or did have partners, children and grandchildren and I don't so I don't have a lot in common with them.
I feel you have missed the point of the writer, and you are wrong about the clubs and activities - you have plenty no matter what age, but when you are depressed and have lost your confidence, it is incredibly hard to get up and do those things. Be gentle on us older folk - I am 58. It is a harsh climate out there if you are that age - your husbands seek young women, it's hard to find work, and your body and hormones are not playing well with your ego.
A lot of the posts I read on here seem to have good reason; PTS, loss, finances etc - does anyone have no 'good' reason?
i wish you all the strength
Thank you. I wish you luck too. I'm sure you've made some right decisions. Wouldn't it be nice to read about someone who 'recovered' or will we have to live this til the end?
yes...it woukd be very nice to read about someone who has been suffering from depr. and is now feeling happy and normal again
What a fantastic answer, but also a really bad one!! Let me explain...
Firstly I'm very pleased to see you are happy and treat every day as a gift. Obviously I'm sorry you have such daily physical problems but I'm sure that makes you even happier you did the skydiving when you did. I'm really pleased what you did worked for you and it's encouraging to find a rare example of someone who has somewhat defeated depression even if the cost of that has been quite extreme.
And this is why your answer is both fantastic and bad! For you, and others it may work. You are obviously an inspiration to lots of people not only for the physical issues (which are almost a separate issue) but for the fact you have altered your way of thinking in a positive manner. But they also highlight how everyone's issues are unique - and as well intentioned, and even correct, your view that it could be worse it, that can actually make people feel worse.
Thanks for your reply, I hope I didn't come across aggressively! I'm very happy that you are happy and hope things improve if that's possible for you. Good luck, have a great Christmas and a lovely New Year.
Well, from reading your stuff here it would appear that we think in a similar fashion. Quite obvious really, otherwise why was I searching for other's thoughts on 'being tired of life'!
Anyway, having read all of your posts here I'd like to say that I appreciate someone taking the time to punctuate as properly as someone can be reasonably expected to.
I read someone here say to get some 'less stressful' work like in a warehouse or something similar, well, let me tell that person that any and all work which involves interaction with other humans is highly stressful, incredibly tiring and seemingly ultimately pointless!
you apparently have some free time on your hands during the days while the bread winner in your team is at work for you. You also sound as though you like to help people and don't currently have any excuse not to try something simple for someone else's benifit. So, what I want you to do with your loose end time is to research (get this right please) High Functioning Asperger's Syndrome for me. Now, I cannot pay you, you will purely be helping me out, there is no end to the research and all you get is satisfaction and something else to think about for a while.
At least Google - High Functioning Asperger's Syndrome, become a specialist and help people in the future to work smarter with my lifelong challenges.
I had a few people on her write to me over Xmas/ New Year but needed to ignore them - too much energy was needed to focus on acting happy and normal around family!
I wish I could talk to you more directly than on an open forum. I've said before, knowledge is a great thing - but it can also be a curse. You need to be particuarly careful self-diagnosing but also need to think whether this diagnosis is in any way helpful to you. Say you decide that you are HFAS - how does that help you? If you can't source help then it is just another meaningless semantic for feeling awful day to day.
I'd never pick holes in others punctuation and grammar unless they were doing it to others! It's a forum, not a thesis! However if you have the time and pride to check your message back then maybe you do have the time to look at HFAS if it interests you.
To be honest, knowledge is something I despise yet am addicted to so I will inevitably be searching HFSA after I've written this reply! But without an argument or focus it is impossible to really research a topic to any purpose. I will happily help others if I can (preferably from afar!) but not sure what I could do to focus your research on this matter and whether it'd even be of any benefit to you anyway.
Like I said, there is certainly an interesting discussion to be had but unfortunately I doubt this is the place to do it effectively for you or I.
Quick research, scan read. Told you I would... I definitely don't have HFSA. You may well have but it'd take more than a quick chat to establish that.
As I'm sure you're aware, everyone is somewhere on the autistic spectrum and all the various labels that spin off that. Even the most 'normal' of people might feel particuarly calmed by a colour, or get irritated by a simple tapping noise. The issues arise when your 'quirks' impact on your life. Mine do for me, and yours sound like they do for you.
I have had a ton of labels I have both researched or been told about that might fit my ways of thinking and acting but the conclusion I reached was that it was all kind of pointless - a label by its very nature is just a broad title to fit many people and when that comes to the brain it's a very pointless exercise. You might be able to group broken limbs in patients but with the head it's nearly impossible - there's too many bits that do or don't apply for every individual. Ultimately a title is only helpful to point you in the right direction to get you personalised help. And it HAS to be personalised.
​Think about what you want from this title. How will it help you? You might be better focusing on the things that make you feel better, not labelling something that makes you feel bad.
Well let's try simplify things yer take a short cut home and trip and break your ankle.
Painful and going to take time to heal. You do what's required without a second thought. You think about it you convince yourself that rest and guidance is the key but you never need to question why that day you chose the short cut.
The brain however gets a rougher deal if that breaks. You know what you need to do because the experts tell you but why believe them ? Why ? Let's question and even if there right you question how. When. Why me.
Forgive forget way up see what yer got live now move on.
Mate I can't speak for others but compared to some on this path you are to be applauded. You are nothing short of a perfect human being that I for one would happily share this planet.
There is a simple answer for you to feel what others feel but I personally think you should stay where you are and that is to live for the next breath.
I'm not sure what the protocol on here is for a 'knowing nod' so I'll just give you virtual hug and hope we both have a miracle!
Maybe on here! But what's hardest is seeing other people cope/ find it easy to do things you can't, e.g. make a phone call! It should be a simple task but I find it incredibly difficult. Everyone stresses, we all know that - its the degree to which we do and how it effects us before and after the event.
You don't need to have a life changing event or crisis to suffer depression. All you need is to not be producing enough serotonin in your brain. And you get this feeling you described of never truly enjoying life.
I just wanted to say give everything a try to keep yourself motiviated even if its going to the gym, catching up with a friend or trying a new job.
I just want to say your not alone and more people are suffering from anxiety/depression these days and you dont realise how common it is as people find it hard to dicuss as its your emotions and feelings. My doctor said it can depend on your personality and just what kind of person you and how you react to a situation.
Great message. Funnily enough I am/was a teacher too - but I think the environment is particularly toxic for those with is style of thinking (the profession is based around you/ the work never being good enough and what can you do to improve in the UK)
As regards you, I'd stay in Australia! I imagine it's a lot nicer when you have a crappy day opening the curtains to sunshine! Tthat'd make a little, but significant difference.
Maybe try and get a job with less stress like working in retail or a warehouse i know its not a career but sometimes we need to just do something different . Im sure you will be fine and try not to think the worse you need things to look forward to and not worry what will happen as thats no way to live your life.
I wish you luck with your future too - I hope you are doing something to try and fight it as I think without at least trying Meds/ Talk therapy etc then giving up in your head can easily turn in to giving up 'properly'.
Thats emotional flatness and it is depression. You sound like you've got a lot going for you, plenty of work experience, a girlfriend. I get that you can't enjoy anything, maybe talk to your doctor about getting another prescription? Sometimes certain medications work better than others. Regular exercise is good eg running. Happiness is a concept which is chosen. Try to see the brilliant person that you are and how much you've already done. See you feeling discontent with your occupation as a chance to do something about it. Think about what sort of job you'd really want to do. The problem is we grow up around the news which is often a negative source of information. Mindfulness may be of help to you, meditation could help too.
People say knowledge is power, but I find it to be a curse. The more you know, the more you realise your insignificance, the hopelessness of situations and the reality of the world rather than the rose-tinted 'it'll all work out in the end' view we're told to believe. I really struggle with the inability of professionals to accept that some people don't succeed, some people do fail, some people aren't talented, some people aren't nice - why can't that be me? It's no different than saying ""it can't happen to me"".
 I'm new here, so its strange to see that 8 months have passed since you started this thread. I want to ask how things have been during the last 8 months. I also have lots of questions about how things have moved in your life (internally and externally), even relating to any treatment or recovery processes.
 Have you come any closer to deciding which aspects of your experience might be depression and which may be character?
 Have you found ways to feel less like a burden?
 What decisions did you make regarding work and relationships and where have you found suppot during the 8 months?
 When you wrote initially, you said you weren't looking for answers, but now you admit that you had hoped for advice and signposting, and felt disappointed at the input from this website. Well, I was quite glad to read through your post and the responses as I felt there was a lot there to provide some direction and inspiraton. I think your hope for advice and signposting is quite realistic, looking through the various responses.
 You talked before about cycles of mood? Is that something which is still going for you? How does that work in your life?
 Just drinking a juice of cucumber and tomato - deelicious and fresh.​
 So, sorry and hope you have more success.
 I'm not deluded enough to think people wouldn't care if someone close to them wasn't there anymore. People aren't generally that heartless. However, it doesn't mean they wouldn't be better off. Like a child who is removed from an unfit parent; they'd cry and be upset and miss them but ultimately they're better off. We all get over loss - we don't as easily get over regret, disappointment and missed opportunities. Only I hold people back.
 I do appreciate responses but worry there is no hope. Maybe I can't hear it even if there is....
 Love Life - good and yet that makes it bad! If I didn't care about her I'd be quite happy taking advantage but if you love someone you don't want to hurt them in any way, emotionally, financially, future etc. If you love them let them go as the saying goes...
 Health - other than this(!) ok really, standard weight, normal height, don't smoke, drink or do drugs. Eat reasonably healthily and do sport sporadically when it's either sunny and/or I have a spark of inspiration. Tried routines, lasted a week before a bad day threw it all off.
 All I know is we are part of the future and the history of this world. Only God knows our purpose in this world.
 Live life and do what we can, there are many things that we can't do and we can't change, there are still little things that we can do.
 We are just a drop of water in the ocean but we still make up a part of the ocean.
 Hope things get better for you and me.
 I hope things improve for you,hopefully your faith gives you a base to work from and you turn around those feelings you have. If you believe what you have written then I feel you are closer than you think you are to accepting/being happy.