I have scoured the message boards and found a few people suffering from the same, but without answers.
PLEASE OFFER INSIGHT! I will be so grateful
look up something called derealization. it seems scary but common
TAYLOR my man, listen to me. I know what you have. You have MOLD somewhere in your house.youve been breathing it for antime and your immune system just let go. Look up aspergiliosis mold. Those are the exact symptomes. I cant beleive everybody is telling you that you are depressed.
Do you live in a humid or water dammaged home ?
You have to do a keto diet. Send me an email if you want. Sunshinefrost at msn
Mold really affects the brain, you lose interest in everything and your working memory shuts down
With persistance symptoms of congnitive difficulties like poor memory and poor concentration, onset of severe and cronic psychological conditions like anxiety and depression, cronic sleeping problems, cronic daytime fatigue, body aches like fibromialgia, and other unexplained cronic health conditions - all starting with a period of flu like symptoms - then it is most likely some variation of lyme or simular tick(vector) born bacterial infection. It's hard to diagnose lyme in stage two and stage three (cronic lyme) because traditional lab tests and diagnostic protocols do not work effectively after the initial period of flu like symptoms.
Hi david did your condition get better after treating with antibiotics for lyme ?? Please let us know . Thank yoy
Did the iv help?? How are you feeling ?
what youre suffering is depersonalization. It is imperative you try meds with the right help from a professional. The problem is chemical. theres hope and sometimes talking to someone isnt enough sometimes we have to do what feels foreign to see results. Cant hurt to try as long as there is supervision
All of you are deficient in iodine. Google it.
Yes, you are correct.
This is such a irresponsible blanket statement. While this might be true for some people there a certainly others that don`t have an iodine deficiency. And for what it`s worth, over supplementing with iodine can do more harm then good, especially if taken for too long at a higher dose.
how are u guys all doing with your brain fog?
Try Kelp supplement which is rich in iodine. Should do the trick.
Did improved any specific symptoms or overall? Im going to need a second chance with meds.
when im relaxed it improves a little
Well that part of my problem. Very dificult to relax when not remembering. I try it all the time, but the idea of not remembering makes me feel unconfortable.
My guess would be that the Zoloft might help but it will not help with your main symptoms.
Some people in here might suffer from the same, it often takes a long time to be diagnosed because there are no headaches, so most doctors and even neurologists overlook the possibility.
aww i hope u feel better
Brainfog, waking up groggy, not being able to concentrate/think properly, fatigue, tingling limbs, nausea, twitching muscles, head pressure, dizziness, hypersensitivity to light/noise, blurred vision etc. Kind of vague complaints, I imagine there are a lot of people misdiagnosed with anxiety, since these complaints can make one feel quite anxious eventually.
I think it's slowly happening less and less but the worry of it is always there. What does your dr say ? How long u had it?
I`m kind of wondering, none of you has have thought that this could be something more serious. Like an early onset dementia or MS?
Hi Rockers I thought about this and just the thought sends shivers up my spine.
Tyler did the meds help ?
Just saw that your post is over a year old so I hope you got some help!
I'll keep you updated and hope you do the same
Hi rex how are you doing these days ? Pls let us know
What is it that you have
Have you recovered from this ?
How are things for you now?
Please tell me you have found the answers!
Depression is a nasty thing/idea. To think of depression people who have never undergone any stage of it are just responding, ""you can make it better"" ""its all in your head"". But the truth is its not just a figment of your imagination, its your life. If you believe in Karma you can be caught under the Karma of others. Some people are more likely to tap into that Karma and it can destroy them. People who are more in tuned with the world, with life, find themselves bogged down by it. The over active mind can't run for decades on that kind of stress/adrenaline as seen with my own mother.
Now I know I've gotten a bit off topic, but I'm just speaking from personal experiences.
And I'd have to say, no to the drugs, no to the doctors who want to put you on more.
Find yourself, get balanced and get grounded. Practice different meditation's, and that's not just sitting in the lotus position and humming,"" Ohm"".
It can be as simple as reading a book, going for a walk or a hike in the woods or mountains(if you live near any). Reducing how much others rely on you, you need time for you. Do research into the chakras, karma(and that doesn't just mean you did something to deserve anything) past life regressions even. Most importantly be open to anything that could help you.
If your a savant(learned person) of any kind, you need time to relax and recharge.
Hoping you find some peace of mind,
Sounds a bit like depersonalization
Hey Taylor, I have read your note on your problems and it has been a year, has there been any change since? Have you gotten better, and if so.. Could you share?
How are things for you??
I've learned some interesting charactoristics about the fog too:
#1 Smoking weed can take it from bad to unfathomably bad.
From doing lot's of reading on Brain fog and this seemingly can be from a bunch of factors, make sure these things are checked
If anybody needs help or has any questions please feel free to message me.
Taylor, I'd be curious to find out if you have found any solutions to your condition.
I have followed some of the stories about towns being evacuated from contamination in the water at their homes. Now follow me for a second, because although it might start sounding overly dramatic, there are many symptoms that people don't realize come from a very basic source of life, water. But, not because it's natural water, but because the water served to our homes is filled with chemicals and in certain cases, have been contaminated with leaks of gases and other dangerous chemicals to our system. These people being evacuated have suffered from major illnesses, so the contamination has been very high.
But, in most cities, water is ""filtered and decontaminated"" with 2 of the chemicals we deem as safe, because we see it in toothpaste and swimming pools, which are fluoride and chlorine. These are the known symptoms correlated to these chemicals: Depression, low energy, fatigue, low concentration, poor memory, foginess reduced sex drive, headaches, tendencies towards excessive weight.
In short, I just want to propose, since most have you seem to have tried everything, continue to work hard on an organic, clean diet, and excercise, but also take into serious consideration your water source and any products that contain fluoride and chlorine. I have a strong feeling that will make a big difference. If you can, find water from a natural spring, and use it for every need including showers, because the skin absorbs a lot of what goes on it. Don't use skin products, our body produces everything we need, and if you have to, find natural ones.
Also, if you can't find a natural spring, get a serious water filter for your entire home. I would really like to hear if you find this helps, although it might take some time.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Deficiency in B12 causes all of these symptoms, and it can take years before it will show up in a blood test.
Neurologists generally suggest taking B12 supplements for a few weeks to see if they help.
Is it like your a ghost ? Erm il try explain.... like your not really here, looking from the outside in, dream world, feeling like your in a glass box looking at the world ?
Hi Taylor, I have the same question, since you are not responding, you either got better and happy or dead do you have anything to share about recovery? Thanks for any help
Is this the my new reality?
It cant be just anxiety and being deppressed, if you experience neurological symptoms and others then the anxiety and depression will come natural with it and it wouldn't make sense not to feel like sh*t experiencing symptoms with no answers to not cause concern.
Un provoked panic attack and anxiety
Vision is like the world is not clear and out of focus
On and off symptoms of other stuff as well
Look up all lyme disease symptoms.
Dont get fooled by telling your doctor or gp all your symptoms for them to turn around and say its
Or something that is in the common diagnostic handbook for doctors -_-
Anyway best advice is to not give up in hope and keep searching and keep trying to find answers, and remember if you lived with it for as long as i have its not a rare disease thats life threatening but its certainly uncomfortable.
Also find a gp that will actually sit down and listen and try different paths to help. And not just order a trip to a psychologist and hands anti depressons.
I completely agree with you Dylan.
 anxiety and depression don't appear out of the blue air, they are the consequences of something else, they are symptoms as are fatigue and all other complaints.
 Too bad you can't have a Lyme test, at least you would be able to rule it out, now you have to keep guessing.
 Dylan let me know how you are doing ?
 Why does your head feel weird all da t
 Anxiety plus focusing on it makes it worse
 Horrible memory. Forgetting names, requests, etc, easily.
 Racing thoughts, jumbled thoughts, and random repetitive thoughts.
Anyway, sorry for the long message. I doubt it will be thoroughly read, but I figured I'd share my experience somewhere. This seemed like a nice place to do so.
Be well everyone. I wish you all the very best.
How are you doing these dsys
My question to everyone would be do you think there is a trauma in your life that triggered this? keep in mind trauma can be something supressed from your conscious for years. Medication related? Or did this appear one day out or the blue?
Does anyone notice significant hair loss with this and did it ever grow back?
First ...you're not alone and loved I'm sure. Most of us suffer from something similar. Keep your head up and stay as positive as possible ( I know that's almost impossible ) but negative thoughts will 100% make whats ever causing your symptoms worse. You'll have to study your diet+ work with a doctor + possibly trying medication. As per these forums.. Check lymmes diesese, Vitamin B, Thyroid etc. Good Luck!
thanks Pajjah im going to need it. hope you the best as well.
thanks Pajjah im going to need, but i wish you the best and good health in the future
How are you ? Would like to know if you are feeling better.
Good morning all you lovely people.....
Taylor I know that I have had a conversation about this with you previously. ..and you did not suffer from this....but please young man....never, ever give up searching for a diagnosis...you deserve one..you have your whole life ahead of you xxx
You are still in my thoughts and prayers Tyler. ...
Keep strong. ...big warm hugs to you and all the other people suffering here....try to keep strong all....love dee.xxxx
It must be very hard to take care of yourself and 3 children being so exhausted. Sorry to hear that you didn't get any proper help yet, I know from experience that in itself can make you feel desperate. Good to read though you don't accept just meds, but would like to know the cause.
Firstly; you are not insane and you have got real and serious health problems, like many of us. Since you work in the medical profession you probably know that doctors don't like 'vague', diffuse and systemic complaints. Also they draw strict lines when it comes to blood values.
If your cortisol is raised there is definitely something not right. There is quite a big range between normal cortisol and Cushings, and you can feel pretty miserable in between. I'm a health professional myself and am specialized in treating people with burnout (and sleep problems) so am well aware of problems which could arise from chronic elevated cortisol levels. The symptoms you describe match with it: the inability to get deep sleep at night, nausea and vertigo, the extreme fatigue during day time. The root cause could be restless legs syndrome (sleep deprivation causes elevated cortisol levels), it's a bit of a chicken or egg question. If I may ask: which advise did you get on the RLS?
Though I am not an MD I would like to recommend to you to quit the stimulants; it is just symptom management, and if your adrenals are already overactive it can cause adrenal exhaustion in the end, which is a place you definitely don't want to go.
Again, I realy recommend to have a look at your vitamine B12 and D results; the ranges are set way to low. B12 should really be 350 or above to feel well. Often the bottom limit is set to 150 and you get the message everything is fine when it actually isn't. Same goes for vit. D (with 75 as bottom value).
For some reason deficiencies in these often go hand in hand with elevated cortisol.
I hope your new doctor takes the effort to really get to the bottom of your complaints, and he is able to see the bigger picture. At least you don't seem the person to give up on this, hang on in there.
Did you find any answers ?
anxiety/depression caused by lack of Serotonin in the brain. The more you get depressed, anxiety or stressed, serotonin decreses in the brain. Then at times your brain will use the serotonin it has and it's a quick boost, but not enough to keep functioning as normal. Sorta like a Diabetic how your blood sugar raises at a spike and you have to take meds to bring it back down and elevate it. In this case though we need an anti-depressant to bring back out serotonin and elevate the brain imbalance.
I wish you all the best of health and life and hope you all find help and get better and back to yourself.
Bare with me as I need to digress. Everything in the Universe vibrates, especially the human brain. We have five basic levels of brain vibration or brain waves. The lowest are called Delta and are present when we are in a very deep sleep. Up one we find Theta which represents a light sleep. In the middle we have Alpha which is a daydream state. Then Beta which is our normal waking state and at the top is Gamma which is when we are very alert and also very anxious.
He likened these states to a five-speed gearbox in a car. In a normal brain, all five, lubricated, gears are well used. However, sometimes, maybe due to stress, the car gets stuck in one of those five gears. With hyper-active people, (ADHD) it gets stuck in Gamma but when it gets stuck in Alpha, you experience pretty much the symptoms you described.
Sorry this was soooo long but hopefully it helps, Taylor and do keep in touch, there are a lot of people besides me rooting for you on this site.
Taylor, Having re-read your post, I'm wondering if you suffered a concussion at some point in your life? Symptoms sound very similar and a bad concussion leaves scar tissue on the brain. Right now, concussion is a huge part of the NHL and the NFL with so many hockey and football players suffering the effects of concussion 20 and 30 years later.
feeling spaced out is super common with anxiety. the more you focus on it the worse it gets. impossible not to focus on it though i know
So in the year or more since this was posted has anybody found out anything more about this???
For how long did you take the medications (in total)?
Interesting. It makes sense that you did not feel anything for the first month, since antidepressant effects don't kick in until after a month of daily doses.
I don't know why you felt worse after that, though. Perhaps the dose should have been kept at 10 mg instead of 20 mg.
what made it worse possibly could have been me putting to much focus into it
Hey, my name is Sarah Hamad.
It started 2 yrs ago...
This is request to you if u find treatment for this please inform me also...
High blood pressure is known to damage blood vessels in the brain as well.
