The last year of my life has been a brutal one. At the age of 22, I am in the lowest of lows and I desperately need some help!
About a year ago, a couple months after an extremely strenuous relationship, I began noticing that I was tired all the time…and all around, I wasn’t really satisfied. Don’t get me wrong, I still enjoyed my friends, and activities…but life just wasn’t as bright and vibrant anymore after a month of noticing this ever-present fatigue, it got a bit stronger. I would wake up each morning completely zombie-mode…and that feeling would remain throughout the entirety of my day, until my head hit my pillow that evening.
Initially, I suspected some form of sleeping disorder. I set up a sleep study, got my thyroid checked, ferritin levels, all the basics. Sleep study revealed I sleep just fine and all my other blood tests came back negative.
The fatigue and the weight of the world slowly got worse over the next handful of months, UNTIL I woke up one morning and everything escalated greatly. I felt completely stoned. I couldn’t think right. I couldn’t concentrate. I felt inebriated. I felt totally disconnected and spacey. I felt as though I had no control over myself. I lost drive and motivation. I lost a lot of confidence. I always had an incredibly sharp memory. It was actually something well known about me to those in my family and friend circles. Yet, on this morning, almost all new information could not be retained. Things that happened earlier in the day, by evening, I felt they happened a day or two before. I could no longer recount the activities I took part in. This is possibly the worst of all the symptoms. The extreme short term memory. I have no context for time and I sort of feel like I’m just floating through life suffering.
For months I visited doctors getting tested by specialists. I visited a neurologist, infectious disease, I had an MRI, & I had about 20 different blood tests. NOTHING. My doctor literally said “I have no idea what this could be. I am beside myself” TOTES reassuring! I tried altering my diet entirely to organic and all natural. I continued my workouts and ran 15 miles a week. I tried sleeping even earlier. I tried all I could think of .
I’m not sure if depression is the culprit, but depression sure has found its nasty venom-coated fangs into my veins. Tired, depressed, failed memory, no drive, scared…it’s no way to live. I want my life back.
I'm 25 years old and After a night of drinking, I feel funny to this day. The alcohol affected me by making me believe I'm in a dream and I'm not myself. My vision is weird it's like I capture moments of what I see and when I speak, it's like im not speaking or somewhat like that. I feel all round funny, I look at my own body sometimes and think is this really me? It seems that during the day when the sun is out is when I'm at my worst but when it gets dark and almost bed time, I feel better. It's weird living like this, it's hard for me to process things. It's hard for me to put sentences together and hard to remember things I did throughout the day. I'm also forgetful. My eyes are sensitive to sunlight also. It's like I'm half awake and half asleep. I'm also going through a breakup with a girl whom I have a kid with and she's with someone else now but I don't really care now about who she's with. I'm more worried about myself. It's hard waking up every morning and feeling like this throughout the day, I just want to be normal.
I've read your symptoms and situation, and it seems very simular to my own experience during stage two lyme desease. I can't say that you have lyme but based on the sudden onset, the symptoms, the persistance of those symptoms and the fact that you have ruled out so many other possible causes I would say it is likely that you have some sort of brain/neurological infection.
Most lyme illiterate doctors will give up on finding the source of the problem and try treating symptoms with medications for sleep, anxiety, and depression. Unfortunatly, all anti-depression meds acutally make the condition worse. The only medication I found to provide short term releif was high strenth amphetamines, perscribed for fatigue symptoms, that supprisingly resolved many of the other symptoms temporarilly. I had to go through 6 months of IV antibiotic infussions to effectivly treat the condition.
I would love to know if anyone has experienced a full healing in this just to give hope to the rest of us. I have had similar symptoms myself for the past 7 years( i am 26 now) and still cant make heads or tails of them. I feel like I have seen every specialist known to man and now Im at the place of thinking this may be depression. However, taking medication seems daunting because from what Ive heard and read on these posts, it seems like meds do not really cure people completely. I may be making a false generalization, so if someone can say otherwise that would be great. When dealing with obscure health ailments such as chronic fatigue/brain fog that many people do not even believe are real it is important to support one another and give testimony when healing takes place. It will give hope to the rest of us.
Mine is not getting any better. Im only trying to eat healthy, no drugs now. Will se a Dr. this week. Anybody experienced any improvements?
im seeing some improvement on sertraline
How long are you suffering already. Is it sometimes getting any better? I have moments where I`m almost back to normal, they might last a day or a week sometimes less then a day. How is your memory, are you in a stressful environment?
some moments i feel ok when i think im getting better it comes back
Less than two years, memory is almost cero, thats my main concern. I reduced any type of stress to the minimum. Exersice, not on any suplements, have to try those. Going to try Kelp and see what happens. Not sleeping very well, I need to find a solution for that too...
You got any sensitivity to light, especially fluorescent lights? I had all the above mentioned symptoms several times over the last 16 years. Each time it got worse then the previous episode. The very first time Inhad something like this was in 1998. Then again in 2000, then 2007, 2010 ,2013 and now from December 2014 to the present day. Which does worry me though. Symptoms are much more pronounced then before. I don`t have any sleep problems but I feel very tired when waking up the next morning.
Yes, had that sens to light too, now not sure if improved or just got used to it. What about between those times, did you get complete remision of the symptoms?
Yes I had indeed complete remison. I had 4 years for example with no symptoms apart form getting tired easily. I still remember the first time I really noticed something not being right. I started getting easily sinus infections, followed by stomach probelms. Then I noticed one day while at work that I had vision problems on the right eye. Somehow there was a white spot in my field of vision. This got worse as I was on my way home riding my bike. That spot really disturbed my vision on my right side badly. Well of course this all cleare up fairly quickly, no one thought of it as anything important. And from thenb on I regulalry got wired stuff poping up. Now I get mainly on my right side of the body joint aches. First in my right shoulder which lasets a few weeks, then in my right knee, gone after a few days and now in my right elbow which makes it hard to pick up itmes, the pain is that strong. I make plenty of mistakes when writing an email. My short temr memory, and by that I mena my imidiate short temr memory like things I was just thinking about are sometimes gone and it takes me a few seconds to retrieve that info. That in return puts me in a state of panic which then makes things even worse.
yeah same for me i start panicking ;( hopefully the zoloft helps
Well I assume the Zoloft will help with your panic attacks but if all the other symptoms like brain fog etc are not related to anxiety or panick attacks I don`t think there will be much imporvment. I managed to get my panic attacks under control without medication as I really don`t want to fall into the trap of getting even worse anxiety when I stop taking things like Zoloft. I spoke to many people who had their anxiety/panoc attacjs come back alot worse after they discontinued the pills.
yeah i stopped taking citolopram thinking i was okay and bam depression anxiety hit hard. i can remember things its just feeling spacey brain fog im dealing with that sucks
It's bad at the moment, lots of pressure in the head, dizzy, swollen eyes, fatigued, can't think coherently. Had to cancel school and work today, which costs me a lot of money since I'm a freelancer, and I paid for a practice day at school.
Went to a neurologist few weeks ago and he told me it's 'silent migrain' I'm suffering from. He could well be right (don't trust him entirely, he's always in a hurry and takes very little time for a consultation, hardly asks any questions and doesn't listen to my answer). the symptoms match though. It's completely new to me, but from what I've read till now it's spot on. It's not headaches, but all that comes with migraine, which is quite a lot to my suprise.
I feel the same way
wow u descrobed me perfectly i also have weak limbs at the moment too
Now that I saw this feed I have a little more peace of mind. I share many of these symptoms and I'm going to see a therapist in a few weeks.
I keep disasociating badly. It's like I'm in a dream world and check out of reality I'm like a ghost. My feeling shut down too
yeah me too i freak out so bad i get panic attacks
thats good my dr said its normal since im depressed over losing my mom
well considering i got it from being depressed over missing my mom and gets worse with anxiety and my dr saying its normal to feel this way when u go through something traumatic . not trying to add more stress to my mind thinking its dementia is that what u have?
That's the best explained symptoms of what I've had forever since I was in a relationship and it went south and gave me depression and anxiety out of the blue. Even when I went to my doctor to explain what was going on with me it felt like when she told me depression that it couldn't be depression I'm not sad I'm going crazy in my brain my memory's out of whack
, my body feels different, I'm starting to forget who I am, I was unstable, and out of control, and I don't socialize like I used to I could talk and talk all day and make people laugh and now its just like I'm quiet and can't think at all like you said just going through the motions suffering that's how it feels.
But you know what the doctor was right with the diagnosis, I still wonder if it could be something else but I took antidepressants and it actually gave me the biggest boost I felt so damn good for like a year and a bit now I feel like I need anti depressants again like my brain just needs that extra boost again to get rid of the fog and give me my energy and happiness back. What's weird is I used to have ADHD and now its more like ADD and I have dementia, people tell me all the time things that we've done together in the past and anything well most things I've done since I've had this going on feels like a dream if I try to remember or I just can't remember its just all a blur. But if anyone has figured out the memory part of this bull can someone please msg asap because I'd really like to get this done with in my life its basically the only thing that bugs me I feel like if I could remember how I used to I would be so happy! So I can remember everything again but I'm going to go to my doctors today and get some anxiety and anti depressants and see if I can get my memory figured out thank you for reading and please message if you know anything I don't.
Hello. My daughter had anxiety with depression and panic attacks. She is on anti-dpressants (she's tried most of them and finally found the right combo). More importantly she goes to cognitive theraphy sessions with a licensed therapist which was the key to her being able to serve a year with Americorps after she graduated from college and move to Germany last January. She would never have been able to do either without the AD's and the therapy.
I'm 39 and have had the same symptoms for 2 years
The only difference is I was sent from work for a random drug testing that found leukemia
They've taken care of that and I've had a million tests to no avail if I push my self or excerpt myself it gets worse and lasts for days where I can't get out of bed (sometimes to go to the rest room)
It's not just depression or anxiety
I haven't found anything to help and there still working on a diagnosis of fibromyalgia
Taylor i have these exact same symptoms and it's amazing that i've finally found at least a few people who have the exact same thing. I know that you've posted this a while back but have things gotten any better? Brain fog is honestly the toughest enemy because it's one you can't see. No doctor can diagnose it and everyone thinks you're suffering from depressionalization, anxiety or chronic fatigue syndrome. I've described my symptoms literally the exact why you have. It is EXACTLY like being high without the good feelings. It's completely 24/7 and gives you almost this innability to think. You start to lose your ego in some senses. Look if anyone can relate to this and have gotten better over time or have found a cure for their brain fog please let me know. It's just great to know i'm not the only one with this. Also, Taylor, don't let people tell you you're depressed. I thought it was depression when my brain fog began to cloud my mind the first year but if your case is like mine, it isn't. Just keep pushing Thanks guys
I've been working towards it everyday but it hasn't left me yet
Taylor you described my symptoms down to a T! I'am currently a third year student at university and although I know the importance of this year, I don't seem to be able to find the motivation to do the work let alone care or contemplate what willl happen if I don't.
Hoping you have found some peace of mind, I had a similar stage after my husband(now ex) finally cut ties with me and took my child. Everything went downhill from there, I lost any want to do more then just work and be left alone. It had gotten worse for a while, the job I loved, i lost(because of the ex) and that depressed me more.
Did you ever receive any answers? I am experiencing the same symptoms. I currently take anti depressant/anxiety meds, but I feel like they are not fully helping. I do have generalized anxiety, accompanied by brain fog, inability to think clearly, and head pressure with slight lightheartedness and dizziness. It would be comforting to know if you were able to get some relief and how. Thanks!
I am going through the same thing. I'm in college and am in prenursing and my theory is that I've developed a bad appetite and I'm lacking in essential nutrients. I've found that omega 3's are Essential to brain function. So get some daily vitamins and eat better and I'm sure you will feel much better. Oh and don't forget to sweat at least once a week.
Hello- I know this post is over a year old so I am hoping you are still connected to this site. My story is the same as yours. Have you found any answers? Praying you get this message and that you have found answers
Taylor I do just exactly the same thing I have fit this for four years and I so know this is not deppersion I've had blood work MRIs eegs they told me it could be silent migrain there is no way it is I find myself doing something wondering why I'm doing it also I'm dizzy at times pressure in my head no pain all this could last all day it happens every single day of my life I no longer drive not to mention my speech gets slur and I just feel stoned out of my head
Any of you experiencing periods of remission, even if it is just for a day or a few hours? I have spells where I feel a lot better but never as good as I felt before this all started again 14 month ago. And even more important does any of you feel like your cognitive symptoms are getting worse over time, especially problems with focusing and short term memory.
I have exactly the same problems, had every test under the sun, all clear.
Hey Taylor,
Our stories are scary simular. Just wanted to say first off, hang in there....this goes for everybody!. If a couple good friends/family memebers don't know about your issue(fog) make sure you change that fast, you need the support and if you have a starnge feeling of guilt...get rid of it.
I'm currently 36 but back in college when I was 21, I woke up one day with this fog. Almost feels like a pressure or like somebody put a vaccum against your ear and sucked some air out and then sealed it quickly.
General feeling of uncomfotableness in my head
After visiting neoroigists, eye doctors, gereral practicians, MRI blood tests and coming up with nothing....eventually...somehow it went away...at least briefly.
My Doctor had me on Paxil as a "" well, why not..nothing else is working kind of thing"". So i originally attributed it going away maybe because of it but after years of trial and error, the Paxil just triples the memory nukage and while it it I can still get the fog.
#2 For some reason, it seems like I have a light tremor in my teeth...ever so slight when I put them together I can feel it
I've mainly been grinding for 15 years. I worry about losing my wife/job all the way to being on the streets because of this terrible condition that kno body seems to have any clue about.
For me at least I seemingly get breaks from it which is a lot more then some people reading these forums.
Everybody please continue to share any or all new information so we can help each other.
"Paj i also get the tremors ..did you find anything that helps ?
hey, i feel the exact same way where i just feel stoned. it usually happens in the mornings when people try talking to me and they get lound i start to feel dizzy and lethargic like nothing is real and it feels weird to move especially my arms and fingers. i also get this faint feeling too. this is honestly feaking me out and i hate it so much and it has pretty much taken over my life and i was wondering if you had any input on it, anything will help. Even if you also dont know whats going on and i have a feeling depression and anxiety might have a role in this but i just want you to know that your not alone and im happy i found this,
Nothing feels real ???? O yea iv been saying this for 16months since I hit server anxiety and depression (postnatal) it's like your walking through a dream? Watching life go by but your not really part of it now, u love in the nothing ?
Hey Taylor I ran a crossed ur post here about 2 half months ago I all the sudden started feeling exactly how u described just wondering if u ever got over it or figured out what was going on
You have described my symptoms exactly. My symptoms--brain fog, extreme fatigue, memory struggles, and the ever-present zombie-bubble-head sensation--are my reality three or more days a week. It seems to be getting worse. I also experience mouth (tongue and lip) tingling, low grade fevers during sleep, and occasional but persistent edema. (I've been taking hydrochlorothiazide for the edema for years, but now its not working as well...)
Another clue, in case anyone finds similarities...I relocated to the Chicago suburbs from the Southeastern US approximately one and a half years ago. (July 2014) After my first full night in the area--eating the food, drinking the water--I woke the next morning with a debilitating fatigue and a physiological-level depression that kept me in the hotel bed the entire next day. I was barely able to leave the room. The next day, I was exhausted but able to get up and out. I didn't connect it to my relocation until a year later when I noticed my symptoms were graduatlly worse over the next year.
Now, my brain fog / fatigue symptoms are worse and more \"regular\" every other day and for days at a time.
Thank you so very much for posting this Taylor. You've helped me more than you can know. It helps me just knowing I'm not the only one this is / has happened to. I have an appointment tomorrow to discuss testing. I'm going to bring what I've learned here about silent migranes.
I think all this is classic depression and anxiety. It's all about not been present in the now iv had this 16 months
I have had vague everyday symptoms for 10 years and my best advice is to change your diet and cut out sugars and fast foods, also dont smoke or drink alcohol. My symptoms flare up worst a day or so after drinking, i smoke to relieve stress from my symptoms kinda to give me a excuse to feel sh*t unfortunately,
All of which is uncomfortable and feels impossible to deal with, i keep active with sport and fitness every week which is some relief,
I live in Australia and my symptoms have matched alot of lyme disease symptoms but that disease is not recognized here and the government states it doesnt exist here even know theres some significant evidence supporting the case.
Although im lucky and dont experience pain at all but i know there is definitely something not right.
It frustrates me that they just assume its something when its not.
I have all of the symptoms mentioned in the original post, and recently discovered I suffer from 'silent' migraine (no headaches). Never knew before that it comes with all these diffuse complaints but it matches perfectly. Am going to do a Lyme test anyway, just to rule that out. it's unfortunately possible to have two diseases at the same time.
Hi Taylor ive got similar symptoms i feel drugged or spacy its hard to explian i also feel disconnected at times and my memory is bad i can be driving and cant remember were im going which makes me panic its anxiety and panic depersonalization or derealization all same thing but when its bad its very hard to believe its just anxiety
Hi everyone. Taylor, I first would like to thank you for creating this thread. It seems like a lot of people can relate to your situation; myself included. I am deeply sorry that you are expericing these feelings, and hope that as a year has passed, you have found some relief with your symptoms.
That being said, I can understand how you feel. I am currently 22, male, and have extreme brain fog... My mental sharpness and clarity has not been the same for a few months now. I've been so spacey, tired, headaches/migraines. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety at age 11, and it has been with me since, although at that age I struggled more with suicidal thoughts than your typical brain fog symptoms like we are expericing now.
I'll give a more comprehensive list of my symptoms:
Major highs and lows (could possibly be bipolar... I am in the process of getting reevaluted by a psychiatrist)
Crying spells and suicidal thoughts on my worst days.
My cause of this is most likely depression. I've been through a lot in the past year alone (two major family deaths, a messy break up from a 2 y/o relationship) ... It has been such a difficult time.
I used to be so independent and so driven to do anything I set my mind to. My mind is so weak now, that I can only do my basic necessities throughout the day and then some. I find it harder and harder to do anything else. I work as a freelance artist for a living so my livelihood solely depends on my drive and what I can manage to do.
I have the motivation to do what I'd like - but I just can't. I have so many dreams and aspirations... It's so frustrating to be held back by this chemical imbalance. I know I shouldn't let it hold me back, but it's gotten so bad that it cannot be helped. I'm hoping that therapy and perhaps some new medication will help me. I'm currently on Topamax, Effexor, and Remeron. I've heard some nasty things about Effexor affecting your memory - so that very well may be one of the components to why I have such bad memory.
I find this thread very interesting as I have been suffering for quite a while myself. Ive pretty much had every symptom listed including hairloss, chronic fatigue, and deep muscle constriction/tension. Its probably the worst thing in the world, feeling trapped in your own mind/body. My symptoms, horrid symptoms, appeared three days after a simple surgical procedure under anesthesia.
You can PM me if you want. Id like to do som
e kind of qualitative study on this based on what possibly caused this. I know many fingers point simply to an anxiety disorder and high stress, which I do not doubt either. I hope everyone is hanging in there, be well.
My story is very similar to yours. Only difference is I started losing my hearing and having severe allergies as well. I'm scared for my future Please tell me you've found answers?
hey Taylor believe it or not i have been experiencing some of the same symptoms as you except mine has put me to where i stay in my room all day dont eat dont drink and basically sleep all day and all night it never goes away im never the slightest bit happy. and people try to hug and kiss me and make me better just by the flick of the finger but sadlybthey cant. They kinda make it worse i just feel like dying is the only possible solution. a couple of times i hsve even tried. i cant focus i cant cocentrate i cant remember anything literally its like i have no recollection of who i am or what ive been through or even eho i am. i recon im just a crazy person for saying this. Ive tried telling my om but she doesnt really seem to understand neither does my dad. i have no one who believes that im insane. ive even tried running away but that wont fix my problems. and im constantly in pain all the time but that doesnt seem to matter. ive tried sleeping the pain away but its no use. but if anyones out there listening if anyone can help please reply so i dont think im 100% crazy.
it's horrible it's like my brain is slowly deteriorating I hate it so so much especially when I'm alone
I too....had exactly the same problems....and i still do...
Like yourselves. I had every test that they could think of..
I was so unbelievably tired....terrible muscular pain..depression.i too found the brain fog the worst., and I still do ( i forget my children's birth date )...
After twelve months of tests ect...I was referred to a rheumatology clinic....within five minutes...I was diagnosed with FIBROMIALGIA. ..I was told that it was my body and my mind saying ENOUGH....I do suffer from a massive amount of worry and stress...our three wonderful adult sons..who live with us...all suffer from mental health problems ( very severe ones at that ) we know every psychiatrist in the whole system ....also..two of them also have serious health problems. ...it was nice to have an answer after all the various specialists i have seen....
Interestingly. ...I was in hospital for a week. A couple of months ago...I woke up and I could not move or feel my left hand ..I was admitted and had many tests...it actually turned out to be a trapped nerve....however. ...on the various brain scans...they showed
TWO PREVIOUS BLEEDS IN THE BRAIN....AND ALSO SHRINKINGE. .. I think caused by my ten yrs of alcoholism. ...
Now one of the hardest things I find....is because you look so well ....people do not believe you...
I am in a support group for fibromialgia. ..and any other condition that are unseen...e.g. ..mental health ....DIABETES. ...chronic fatigue syndrome ...and many others........
Hey, here are my symptoms, and what fixed it. Brain fog, memory loss panic attacks.
Removal of Soy and soy lethicin from my system. its in everything. My meds are even compounded.
PLEASE let me know when you find the answer. I have had years of the fatigue and it wasnt until I had my children that I was sent to a neurologist and had sleep studies. I found none of the meds helped. I found that the restless legs are worse then ever since I started meds. I could easily put my car in park at a red light and tell my kids to wake me when it turns red- and yess I can fall asleep. I have had one neurologist send me to another . I have seen endocrinologist. I have been on anti depressants. The month have March has by far been debilitating. I live in a fog! I can barely get one foot in front of another. The MD's only want to give me meds but no one can tell me whats going on with me. Last the neurologist wanted to put me on Methadone to help me sleep at night. I was like are you joking! I said put it in my chart right now - that is not an option!! I have 3 kids and I am so so exhausted! I am desperate and now have sought out a functional med Dr. This is no quality and feeling like this makes ya depressed. This is awful.
I have had 2 sleep studies. Restless leg is what they tell me. I don't sleep well at night and all I want to do is sleep during the day. I am in the medical profession so yes many tests done. My cortisol levels were elevated but when they did the next step to check for Cushings that was fine so they dismiss it. I have had multiple thyroid studies done ! Seeing yet another Dr and of course they wanted them drawn again so we will see. I work out and love to and had to even give that up because the past month I am that tired. I'm nauseous all the time. I started with vertigo now. And when you see these dr's they look at you like you are insane. But I know my body and I don't feel well and it's not normal to be able to close your eyes and sleep..... Especially because the neurologists have me on stimulants and I sleep right through them. I can take a 5 hr energy and
I have had all the vitamin levels drawn. I remember the vitamin B12 was pretty high. I was shocked actually. I can't recall the Vit d level. I have been on so many meds for restless leg. I was on Gabapentin and I had tried it 2 x now and I nods all day. It's too much for me. I decreased the dose , I have even spilt the pills down further ,,, I can't take it. I tried Mirapex and I ended up with augmentation which was horrible. I tired the sister of that. I have tried Lyrica. I have tried low dose narcotics ... I can fall asleep within 2 mins. It's crazy but within 1 hour I wake. Now the month of March has been horrible. I could sleep all the time. My
Only awake period is like evening hours. But I can still sleep. I have all the symptoms of adrenal fatigue and that's what the functional med dr said. But I have a lot of
Symptoms of Chronic Lymes. So piece by piece we are testing. Many of these tests are out of pocket though in order the get the correct test done. So it adds up quick. I am switching primaries . That's in the works .
Sounds like you are on the same route as me Boymom, going from one specialist to the next. I also can sleep at any moment, just not at the times I'm supposed to. I don't have RLS or high B12 but for the rest I completely recognize your experiences. I've also ended up at the Lyme hypothesis by now, but as you say: it all has to come out of your pocket, wel same here, am saving up right now for a new type of Lyme test which seems to be very reliable and they also test for co-infections in one run.
I got diagnosed with silent migraine a few monts ago but still am doubting if this is the right daignose. Too many weird symptoms, extreme fatigue all the time. and they never leave, just subside for a few days.
The only thing which helped me till now is Low Dose Naltrexone (LDN); at least I'm now relieved of joint pains and aching muscles.
Hi i had this when I was pregnant I had it for months I couldn't get out of bed I suffer with health anxiety and a cancer phobia it got so bad that I had the same symptoms as you it was a feeling of being on some sort of drug spaced out weird vision I couldn't walk properly as if I was on a tilt it was the most horrible experience I was back and forth to the doctors and they kept telling me it was the anxiety and depression I felt as if I was dead but was still communicating with people it slowly disapeared and now I have to try so hard to stay calm or I feel myself slipping back into the strange feelings I hope you feel back to normal soon
Sadly I never worry about me- its my kids but in the last year I have mot had a choice. Only reason I ever went and had sleep studies because I literally coul dfall asleep at a red light. I could put my car in park and nod off and my kids could tell me it was green. I always think nah it cant happen to me. I am in my 40's and off and on since my teen years I have suffered with chronic fatigue. I could sleep in class. Put my head on desk and out. But the last month has been debilitating. I cross fit , and I had to put that on old for now. I am too exhausted.
Have you been tested for Narcolepsy? My brother-in-law suffers from it and he will fall asleep in the middle of a conversation. Hate to sound like I'm pressuring you but, if you can fall asleep at a red light with your children in the car, what's to stop that happening to you driving on the highway? We are all on your side here, Sweetie so please get this checked out. Promise?
I was having the same exact feelings, episodes, heavy feeling in my head, my brain covered in a fog, can not get motivated, can not set daily plans, anxiety when I would have to talk to anyone outside of my family and finally I took a stand to get help from my doctor.
The week before going to a doctor I couldn't even talk to my kids as I was in a complete no zone of any thoughts. I would do my daily routines of taking dad to VA and kids to school, then come home,and literally pass out as if I haven't slept in days. I knew it was depression, yet I wasn't angry or upset. I was a bit sad and very lethargic.
I would sleep all night and much of the day, yet I felt like I was still tired. It was all
I was once a CNA and Phlebotomist. I was the kind hearted woman to help those in need of care, love and compassion. I was at the bedside of many who where in a hospice stage until they passed. I was the one to hold a family together during the loss of their family member offering support, love and compassion walking them through this stage. So, I have seen depression among many and That is how I finally realized I needed help myself. I am an Empath who wears my heart on my sleeve. So, I feel everything with my heart before it reaches my brain.
I was given buPROPion HCL XL 150MG. This is for major depression and seasonal depression. It helps restore the brain. Very few side effects unlike other meds.
I thought I was the only one! I totally know how you feel. Did you find anything out?
Taylor, same exact story, except its been going on for about 9 years. Hope someone somewhere finds answers, and a cure!!!
I want to offer you a somewhat different insight as to your brain fog and various other issues because I had a very similar episode that went unchecked for several years. One day I bumped into a friend I hadn't seen for a long time and he asked how I was feeling (he happened to be a clinical phycologist and the world's number one specialist in biofeedback and neural feedback) so I told him I felt spaced out, foggy, tired and unable to concentrate.
That got me a visit to his office in Calgary (Canada) where he explained how the brain works in regard to its various brain wave patterns.
He ran a bunch of tests and determined I was stuck in Alpha. How did he figure that out? Briefly, he attached electrodes to various parts on my scalp (totally painless) that were hooked to a computer. Then I wore goggles that had tiny lights embedded in them (they were designed so I couldn't see thru them). We know that our brains are affecting by many things, including flashing lights. So the computer measured my brain waves (Alpha) then programmed the mini-lights in the goggles to flash at a sequence that would attact my brain to reach Beta.
The best way I can describe it is for you to hold both hands in front of you and make like they are duck beaks. Now slowly open and close your left hand so your thumb and first finger touch every second or so. Now do the same with your right hand but speed it up so your finger and thumb touch twice a second. Now, your slower left hand 'senses' the faster right hand and begins to search for it. When it comes into contact, it begins to mimic the speed of the right hand. So your left hand represents your Alpha brain wave state and your right hand represents the Beta state as programmed by the computer. So the exercise serves to pour a little oil in the old gear box. The process is called ENTRAINMENT and after just two 20 minute sessions, I felt something very strange happen, like I'd been in a dark world when someone turned on the light. There is a definite science behind Entrainment and you might want to check around (look for a phycologist in your area who offers it).
Hey, are you still active on here? I got tested for brain waves a year ago and they were found abnormal but I wasnt able to finish anything with that. If you are still active, PM me!
I don't know if this is the smae thing but I seem to have a mild case of these symptoms and I have noticed a slow progression over two years. What I mean is that I had really good memory, to the point where I could memorize whole chapters in books, now I have situations where I am doing homework or someone asks me a question and I know I know what it's asking but when I try to remember I feel as if I hit a wall of fog and it feels like it slowly gets bigger. I also feel disconected from everything, but it comes and goes in days, or weeks, or even hours sometimes. I also want to know if it is common to get irritated with small things. Also I am worried becuase I can stare at a blanc wall and feel a almost numb throbbing pain but I can think nothing. I am aware of everhting but I feel a thousand thouts but I am so uninterested in thinking or doing anyhtng to the point where I think nothing. Sorry I am very worried because the descriptions are very familiar to me and I want to know if this is just me or that I am not becmoig slowly crazy,
I know all of those feelings. I, too, used to have a great memory and could study easily, but now I can't complete a word finder puzzle without struggling intensely.
I am only 19 years old, by the way.
Everything you've decribed are exactly the same symptons I'm having. I've been like this for the past 3 years, but I'm fairly certain that what caused it was the car accident I was in. For the first year I was really worried about it. I went to my doctor and he told me I had anxiety and depression, which I knew I didn't have, but I did what he said and took the meds he gave me for 2 months. Didn't notice any change, so he uped the dosage and that made it worse, so I eased off and stopped taking them.
I recently went back to my doctor about it because my memory is getting much worst. I redescribed how i was feeling and now he thinks I have ADHD(which I'm almost certain I've always had).
I have the same issue, think a traumatic brain injury made me sluggish and foggy, and was told to take Celexa for six months.
My doctor had me on 10mg of cipralex per day for a month, i felt no different, so he uped the dosage to 20mg for the next month, and it actually made it noticably worse somehow.
Thats excactly what I'm thinking but my doctor doesnt believe that.
I don't think so, i have some symptoms of ptsd like memory loss, not sleeping right, lack of emotion, etc. But I'm definitely not having any nightmares, flashbacks or self destructive behaviour, and my traumatic event is long past and it rarely enters my mind. sorry for the really really late reply :P
What I feel is something I really hope no one ever feels. It is horrible. I feel like I can't remember a single thing that happens, it's almost like I have absolutely no memory at all (not short or long term) all gone. Even while writing this, I can't even remember what I have written in the lines before, and my brain is too shut down to fully express how I feel. It is debilitating. Waking up is the scariest thing, because the day demands of normal everyday tasks that I feel I am truly unable to do, yet I suffer through them everyday. My life is so nice, and the saddest part is that I can't enjoy it. This feeling I have is worse than the worst of torture.
Hey I completely know exactly what you mean word for word. I know it feels like you're the only one but it gets better. Keep your head and don't let anyone tell you it's depression or anxiety. Keep your ego and who you are. We will find a solution to it If you know anything about it please message me and let me know. I feel the exact way for a year or two now I can't even remember at all
I know exactly how you feel you brought tears to my eyes and no one understands it
I feel u hun. For me it's post natal depression
Hi sarah i feel the same .did you find anything that helps pls let me know 😯
Im feeling the same way .did you find any answers or anything that helps?
Sarah i am exactly the same .please let me know how you are doing and if you found anything that helps.. empty mind absolutely no memories
hey, have you had any long term stress or trauma? i follow this thread for the same symptoms and have had fatigue, fog, dissociation for years. forgetting can be down to repression. don't want to scare you if it's not true for you but it can be the physical response to long term stress! get a blood test just in case because these symptoms can also be linked to lyme. best of luck to you))
Sarah ,how are you ?please message me, im feeling the dame way..
I know I have been gluten intolerant for several years and I take efforts to reduce and cut out gluten from my diet. I get the usual symptoms of bloatedness and swollen abdomen. If I have bread (wheat flour) it affects me significantly within a few hours, stops me sleeping, servere brain fog, heavy depressed feeling in my head, poor memory and concertration, headache. Otherwise, running is my magic cure.
I wonder if a lot isn't due to being on the internet, and using other electronic devices. My symptoms have become much worse in the last month and in direct proportion to the amount of time I spend on this blasted computer. It is difficult to stay off the computer, or whatever device you use, but I believe it must be done, and it must be done for at least a week to see what might improve. To keep electronic use to no more than one hour per day, apart from work, would be better than nothing.
Exactly same is with me...
But still m suffering....
For two years i took treatment from psychiatrist and feel only 50% treated but nw whn i ended those medication my condition is same again...
Every point which u described fits on me...
I m also mobile addictive nw... Coz of confusion... Nd state of zero mind all the time
Im the same did you find anything that helps ?
I have a similar story though with a long history of malnutrition. But even now that I eat normal again my mental symptoms that started back in summer 2014 didn't improve much. It has gotten much worse leaving me mentally unable to remember and think properly. I too was known for an excellent memory. All gone like my friends and joy for life.
I will continue substituting my deficiencies and also check my blood pressure because the pulse in my throat, eyes, head is so strong and even visible on my belly.
I also noticed a need for deep breathing and frequent yawning like I'm not getting enough oxygen although substituting necessary nutrients and getting necessary fats.
Neurological or hormonal imbalances could also be behind it but I can't deal with all this.
If I didn't see no improvement by the time papers are due I will stop caring altogether.
I agree with phil37826, all of your symptoms could well be coming from a gluten intolerance. I'm 24 and I have all your same symptoms. I used to suffer with depression and anxiety much more in the past so I know the brain fog from depression and this is slightly different because I'm currently not feeling depressed. A few weeks ago I stopped eating gluten and I actually felt much better, and told myself to not eat it anymore but then I did anyways and the brain fog started to creep back and the memory loss and just feeling like i wasn'the all there, it actually wasn't that bad until today I had a piece of a baguette and I felt HORRIBLE afterwards, I pretty much passed out because I was so tired. Like others have said I exercise and eat relatively healthy and even do yoga everyday which is why I know the brain fog is not due to depression or anxiety or stress anymore. I'm going gluten free for good now because I hate feeling this way. I'm also very intelligent and used to have the best memory and be able to multitask and focus and concentrate and I want that all back, so we shall see. I hope you and everyone else on here find your answer at some point.
Hello Taylor. I am Amy, 21, mother of one. I am diagnosed with Bipolar with depression , borderline personality disorder, PTSD and once was diagnosed with Manic Depression and experienced depression during my pregnancy.
Have you been tested for the gene mutation mthfr? I recommend that you do. Im homozygous 1298. It is crazy what how it affects your system. I just got my results and ive been experiencing everything on this thread. It is very common but not normal. Please google it, it may help!
If this is your first time EVER experiencing depression, you will have a tough time coping. No doubt about it. When I first got depression at the age 17, it took me nearly 6 months to stop being suicidal. It took me more than a year to accept that I had an illness. Not to discourage you, but it took nearly two years to learn to live with it. Thinking back to it now, I should've sought help sooner. You can really curb the effects depression has on you. Seek help as soon as possible. I let mine fester for 7 years until I developed terrible anxiety. The more you let depression take it's course, the harder it will be to undo habits. All my best wishes to you! Things do get easier. If there's anything depression teaches you, it's PATIENCE.
I got server anxiety while pregnant and depression. My daughter is now 17 months and I'm still low anxious and exhausted. It's like walking through wet thick sand or been in a dark tunnel trying to find the end. I can't expect that this is my life I can't be like this !!! I see a phyciatrist I'm on my second antidepressant now it's been 15 weeks on it
I think you have Lyme disease. I got a message like this and it saved my life. I don't have the timeto explain and reply to every single person affected. Research Lyme disease and brain fog. I hope it helps and wish you the best
I agree laura, i have similar symptoms and haven't been diagnosed yet. Would make a whole lot of sense
The posted question/thread is me down to a tea it's like been in a messed up dream world and then I first got it after my son I though I was dying, how can depression anxiety do this to you? I had nothing to be depressed about. Then I got it again after my daughter so I knew what it was but again it's so hard to believe because it's so awful and strange to feel in this fog.
I know this is an old post, but i thought i would reply. I had the exact same symptoms and went to many doctors/specialists, had mri's, ct scans, and blood tests. After 8 years I was finally diagnosed with Celiac Disease. Additionally, my vitamin D levels were extremely low (8ng/ml). I had doctors wanting to diagnosed me with depression mainly due to the fatigue), but they were overlooking the most important criteria, a depressed mood. I did start having panic attacks many years after living with brain fog, memory loss, fatigue, but it was mainly due to my brain fog. It was hard to interact with others. On really bad days i could barely comprehend what people were talking about. I was much better after my vitamin D levels leveled out, but i still experience extreme brain fog (sometimes for months) if i eat something with gluten.
I only recently discovered this post and I am thankful that you have offered your experience. I have been living with fatigue, memory loss, perceived learning difficulties, difficulty paying attention etc. I don't have the money to go spending on various tests. I'm not sure where even to start. How did you discover you were low in Vitamin D? Is there a general blood test for various deficiencies? How long did it take you being gluten free to notice an improvement? And I'm curious about how you keep yourself fed. I'm a thin and fit guy who is often hungry.
I am in the dilemma. I'm 45 and afraid I will lose job. I started cholesterol meds and thought it was causing it so I quit taking then but I'm still really bad. I'm gonna have dr test me for Lyme disease. I've had a stress test cause of chest pains and I go for results tomorrow. I've thought about mold in house. Or even lead or mercury poisoning. I'm gonna double check thyroid. Went to a neurologist last week and they don't think that it's anything neurological. Some nights are better than others but every morning starts off really bad. I'm on Lexapro already if anxiety and I really don't think it's that.
It's hard to even write this. I keep stopping and dreaming about what I want to say but I can't get it out. I just have a feeling of wanting to stare into space and just float away.
I tried to get an EEG for two years now, but the neurologists I went to didn't think it to be relevant... I think it's relevant, especially in combination with an immune system profile. But what I think doesn't seem to relevant either.
Over the last 18 month my daytime tiredness became a lot worse, with it my cognitive functions declined too. At times I do things and then right afterwards I can`t recall what I just did. Bright lights are a big problem too. A year ago I had moments where I had brief spells where I felt fairly normal. They could last for a few minutes, few hours or if I was lucky I had a couple of days where I felt almost normal. Those periods don`t happen at all anylonger.
With this problem. I have been experiencing this for years
And have been trying to fight it so much. Just like you I have changed my diet, I have tried running on the treadmill
So my brain could produce more serotonin and I even take Prozac because it helps your brain produce serotonin as well and still I am foggy, lost and and can't retain info. Now this is a phase cause it comes and goes and right now I have it at a very bad time cause I just got a job with usaa and I'm in training and noting sticking to my brain and I've been a banker for 10 yrs. it's like the switch just went off. J hope it comes back on pretty quick but it's pretty sad doctors don't have a diagnosis for it.
Thanks for sharing. The coming and going seems to mimic my symptoms. Question #1 how do you know its s serotonin problem?. #2 out of curiosity, did you do drugs in your past? Ecstasy etc?. #3. Does the intensity chance? # Do you feel like the prozac helps?
Thank you Pajjah for replying to my post. Yes, I use to do cocaine about 10 yrs. ago and did it for about 10 yrs. also but I have been experiencing this since my high school years in the late 80's and early 90's. That's when it started. I didn't start using cocaine till I was 23yrs. Old in 1996. As I mentioned I no longer use drugs but that's not to say it didn't had to the problem. Also, the left side of the back of my head hurts sometimes. Right in the dead center of my back of the head on the left side. I have to get my wife to rub it and man does it put me in another world when she rubs it. It's a pain like a tingle sensation, cold sensation and then she runs it and it's like I feel it flowing or something. I've had it checked and nothing so I don't know what it could be along with damn fogginess.
You're a lucky man to have the option of a back rub down from a wife . My marriage couldn't get through this foggyness and is sadley ending now. Thanks for the feedback. Let me know if you come up with anything and I'll do the same.
well i have been tested for lyme, HIV, syphilis, lupus, lead, vit. B & D and other things i can't think of. nothing to show. I am waiting on a sleep apena testing results now. 7 weeks and counting. praying for sleep apena right about now.
My name is Andrew, and I'm really hoping that someone reading this will be able to offer some help, advice or share your stories further, Did you find diagnoses, treatment and did you return to normal?\nHere is my story, Please get in touch if you think you can help me as I can't continue for much longer. On Wednesday 25th May, I returned home early from work having been unwell for the previous three weeks with what was initially diagnosed as a Quinsy abscess/severe Tonsillitis, During this time I was extremely unwell and prescribed three different types of Antibiotics, I'm not sure if this initial illness is in some way linked to what I'm going to share, But it gives a full picture of what's been happening. During this period of time, alongside being extremely physically unwell, I was experiencing overwhelming feelings of stress, anxiety and worry having recently started a new job and being in my probationary period, having to take time off sick which was unpaid and worrying about a number of financial implications and a few on going personal issues.
I returned home on Wednesday 25th May and at this point in time my cognitive functioning and thought process was clear. I felt physically exhausted and decided to have a nap at around 6pm, I woke up around 8pm with a very faint pain in my head, and feeling in what I can only describe as a state of shock about my current situation of being unwell, worried about my new job, money, being able to pay the rent if I didn't pass my probation due to sickness etc. I felt in a state of shock, and suddenly I was unable to think, unable to process thoughts, I closed my eyes to try and get to sleep and suddenly there was nothing? I've always had a very sharp mind, clear loud thoughts and a photographic memory but suddenly there was nothing? I immediately panicked and contacted my mother to try and explain what was happening, I suddenly had a blank mind. Like someone had turned the switch to off? I couldn't visualise anything, couldn't process thoughts, It's like I closed my eyes and there was nothing there - If you asked me to imagine a tropical island or an animal I couldn't. My vision was blurred, I felt spaced out, anything that happened I suddenly couldn't remember, or something that happened five minutes ago felt/feels like it was months ago, I can't remember anything visually since this happened. I can remember things factually (Who I am, where I live etc but that's it), I immediately went to my GP to explain what had happened and the fact I suddenly was unable to sleep, was experiencing memory loss, blurred vision, spaced out and felt extremely distant and depersonalised, I was told it seemed like an after effect of my throat infection and things would improve and was given sleeping tablets, I returned home unsatisfied with the result but positive and hopeful things would return to normal. They didn't and I returned multiple times to little success, or further prescriptions of sleeping tables etc but I didn't feel like they were taking it seriously, The GP consulted a Neurologist and I was told there was nothing to worry about. My symptoms continued and in a state of desperate panic I went to A&E to seek further help, I was given a CT Scan which came back negative which was a huge relief and again was told it seemed like a hangover effect from being unwell but again I didn't feel this was giving me any answers, I returned home and continued to feel exactly the same. After two weeks of not sleeping, I slowly managed to fall asleep naturally again on and off which was a huge relief however since May 25th, I have constant memory loss, I can't remember anything that happened five minutes ago or I feel like it was months ago, I feel constantly spaced out, dazed, blurred and like I have constant brain fog, I'm exhausted, I can't process thoughts, Or the thoughts in my head are suddenly non existent - The only way I can describe it. I have a constant light pain around the front of my head, I can't sleep, I can't function. I'm on the verge of losing my job and being unable to pay the rent and bills which is causing further stress and worry and I'm on the verge of killing myself because I can't continue like this.
You're not alone. Do you have a family member to live with while some serious diagnosing is done. Hang in there. Negative thinking will snowball everything. I can personally relate. I'm just going through a separation basically because I can't get my clear head back. Im about to lose my sales Management position too I think. It's unthinkable for me but better days are ahead. Have you attempted meds?. Trying exercise?.
Unfortunately not, I don't really have any family and had quite a difficult childhood and early life so sadly there isn't really anyone I can fall back on, I'm not sure if what I'm experiencing is a combination of long term stress and worry or if there's something underlying.
I'm sorry to hear you are experiencing similar symptoms, and hope you are able to get through this too! I feel too spaced out to exersize at the moment, I wish I could!
I know exactly how tou feel ...i also started losing my mind after being on antibiotics ..pls let me know how you are doing and if you found anything that helps ....😯
Hey Taylomason, I've had the exact symptoms your describing for 2 months now with no sign of it going away. Whatever it is, has it gone away yet, and what have you done to stop it. Please, I need help.
Hi everyone. I understand that everyone here has some kind of brain fog issue or they would not have found this forum. I myself have been suffering from the same issue, I gave it the name \"brain fog\" before I knew that other people used it too.
Before you skip over this post let me say that I found something that worked for me, this may sound like a pitch, but it's true. I'm not selling anything and it cheap to try it for yourself...but first, a little history to show that I'm serious that I had this. If you don't care about me, skip to the end.
I apologize in advance for my English. I am their Russia.
Two years I can’t understand what’s wrong with me. Visit a lot of doctors and no one can help.
i began following this forum when i first encountered all of these same symptoms myself back in the summer of 2017. for two years, i visited countless doctors and have received multiple diagnoses.
well today i was informed that my bloodwork came back positive for lupus. now, i don't think you all have lupus, but i recommend you all get tested for it. i don't experience any of the skin flare ups, so i never thought it could be the culprit. it could explain the head and face pressure, as it causes inflammation. can't believe it took two years to figure it out, but at least i have an answer.
over the last two years, adderall 15 mg and evekeo 5 mg has worked for me. the depression was a result of not being able to live the active life i was used to living, so instead of treating the depression, we treated the fatigue. it helped. it made me so productive and energetic, i almost felt normal. the depression and anxiety subsided. actual anti-depressants simply made me crazy.
it's been quite the journey and ive learned a lot about myself and this collective condition/symptoms/management of it all these last two years. i managed to still graduate college a year early and im planning on going back for my masters. if you guys ever need someone to talk to about this, please send me a message. i remember how hopeless i once felt, and i'd like to help.
i think i am having the same thing.... but does anyone get the tingling in your head and the feeling like you aren't comprehending what is going on for about 10-20 seconds? i believe i am also going through peri-menopause
"Hi 😃\nthere is medicine available to help. i had all the symptoms and more, but fully recovered!
I am on zoloft 100 mg, remeron 15 mg, lamictal and rivotril. this combo took the crazyness away and now starting to slowly wean off.
i dont know if i can take it any longer i feel so off like im not here like i cant think i cant talk i just feel really awful like im gonna die any minute i wish i could just end my life so i dont have to keep feeling like this anymore i just want to do things like go places or make friends i have no friends . im am i here still to live like this it feels like god is punishing me. i just feel like yelling just kill me already i hate my life!
Hi Taylor, I was reading your post and have so many of your symptoms. I was wondering if you found anything that helped you get your life back ?
I know most of us have gone to professionals only to find little wrong, so why not try these other methods. You got this!
I am experiencing some really strange things with my head. I have a little insight as to what is going on, but it requires an open mind. I have never had any sort of anxiety that changes my brain chemistry and I take zero prescription drugs. I have only had one episode of brain fog in my life that may have been caused by poor diet and too much sugar. That situation could have been a vitamin deficiency. However, this situation has been described as \"ascension\" symptoms and sickness. If you have been to doctors and had run all the tests and are still confused you might want to research this. As it was explained to me is that this sort of thing is an adjustment or upgrade allowing your body to become a light body. So, if you have not discovered any medical reason for this try to eat more vegetables and cut sugar from your diet as this may help. Anyway, I saw that you were a young person struggling with this and I wanted to reach out to you and present to you something that is a it \"out there\" but a lot of us are experiencing. Good Luck.
I had this 12 years ago, to the extreme, spent a month at the hospital also. in my case, the cause was anxiety. 2 years on zoloft helped. i have also read that lamictal sometimes helps together with an atidepressant.
The last year of my life has been a brutal one. At the age of 22, I am in the lowest of lows and I desperately need some help!
Here’s my tale:
About a year ago, a couple months after an extremely strenuous relationship, I began noticing that I was tired all the time…and all around, I wasn’t really satisfied. Don’t get me wrong, I still enjoyed my friends, and activities…but life just wasn’t as bright and vibrant anymore after a month of noticing this ever-present fatigue, it got a bit stronger. I would wake up each morning completely zombie-mode…and that feeling would remain throughout the entirety of my day, until my head hit my pillow that evening.
The fatigue and the weight of the world slowly got worse over the next handful of months, UNTIL I woke up one morning and everything escalated greatly. I felt completely stoned. I couldn’t think right. I couldn’t concentrate. I felt inebriated. I felt totally disconnected and spacey. I felt as though I had no control over myself. I lost drive and motivation. I lost a lot of confidence. I always had an incredibly sharp memory. It was actually something well known about me to those in my family and friend circles. Yet, on this morning, almost all new information could not be retained. Things that happened earlier in the day, by evening, I felt they happened a day or two before. I could no longer recount the activities I took part in. This is possibly the worst of all the symptoms. The extreme short term memory. I have no context for time and I sort of feel like I’m just floating through life suffering.
For months I visited doctors getting tested by specialists. I visited a neurologist, infectious disease, I had an MRI, & I had about 20 different blood tests. NOTHING. My doctor literally said “I have no idea what this could be. I am beside myself” TOTES reassuring! I tried altering my diet entirely to organic and all natural. I continued my workouts and ran 15 miles a week. I tried sleeping even earlier. I tried all I could think of .\nI have scoured the message boards and found a few people suffering from the same, but without answers.\nI’m not sure if depression is the culprit, but depression sure has found its nasty venom-coated fangs into my veins. Tired, depressed, failed memory, no drive, scared…it’s no way to live. I want my life back.
Initially, I suspected some form of sleeping disorder. I set up a sleep study, got my thyroid checked, ferritin levels, all the basics. Sleep study revealed I sleep just fine and all my other blood tests came back negative.
😦 thank you for replying. I feel the same.
no some things actually made it worse. when you take all these things you get out of balance and I believe that also makes it worse. i have been avoiding alcohol, and sugar - trying to eat clean and exercise that seems to help a little
Did any of those treatments help with the brain issues? I'm in the same boat, I had/have Lyme but am also sensitive to radiation from cell phones, Wifi, DECt phones, cell towers etc. so difficult to say what causes what.
yes all kinds of memory and focus problems I've been on many different antibiotics over the years and lots of other lyme treatments
I have seen so much lately about how stress can affect you brain so negatively! They say prolonged stress leads to focus issues and memory problems. I REALLY feel this is alot of my problem! I feel like its cyclical though... i worry about my brain fog, concentration and memory issues which makes my stress level higher and the symptoms get worse.
its different for each person. you need to investigate for yourself the underlying problem. For me it’s Lyme and seems to be for several others. I also have Candida and other immune things going on which also could be the problem. One last thing is I suffer for anxiety and stress which also can contribute. Look at these things and be an investigator of your health and try and narrow it down.
wonder if anyone felt these symptoms coming after being on antibiotics ?!my life is ruined totally.
All the stuff you got prescribed is suppressive medication. Nothing wrong with that in itself but it doesn't heal you, especially if it doesn't work at all like in your case.
I'm not sure if I have the right place but here goes nothing. I have peripheral neuropathy in my feet and rheumatoid arthritis and degenerative disc disease. I also have anxiety along with it. For the neuropathy, rheumatoid arthritis and degenerative disc disease all the doctors gave me is gabapentin which does nothing for the nerve pain relief. He also put me on carbomazepine for the anxiety but that doesn't work either. I had been on nortriptyline and that was doing nothing either so I took myself off of that and my primary care physician just gave me buspar to try. So far it hasn't kicked in. I have had lyrica, cymbalta, celexa and effexor and they made things much worse. if anyone has any ideas let me know.
Im assuming you didnt have any EXTREME physical symptoms or EXYREME memory loss..NO THIS IS NOT IN MY HEAD ...my brain is fried with pressure burning sensations and a million pains ...so no its not anxiety or depression ...im glad you made it 😉
Everybody please take this with a grain of salt, but I was finally able to feel like my oldself again - I got rid of my Obsessive Compulsive tendencies. I was online every day and night reading these forum covincing myself something was wrong with me. I spent a few thousand dollars on office visits to find out why I wasnt feeling “normal\".
Anxiety and Depression are also symptoms of MOLD toxicity. While living in toxic mold I was also diagnosed and treated for anxiety, but while the meds helped, it didnt fix all of the issues. Be aware, houses that look perfectly fine can have water damage and mold.Thank you for this response I am now going on 5 years living this way. Mine started from having a panic attack at a funeral. I thought it would go away but it got worse and worse. So do you have any more information on how to go about how to get rid of the causes of the anxiety I'm desperate and I miss my life before this happened. I have a six year old son and I can't even play outside with him for too long without wanting to go back inside and stayin what I think is a safe space but none of it is really. I'm missing his childhood from this and it breaks my heart so very much. If you were able to get out of this I applaud you so much.
I can totally relate to everything you’ve said! I’ve been dealing with this for about a year. My anxiety, Brian fog, forgetfulness, sadness, loss of interest etc. symptoms are starting to subside. I’ve always been a worrier but this ramped up last year when my son moved out and off to college. I was so sad, crying all the time and then the brain fog kicked in. I thought I was losing my mind. This year my son tranferred 11 hours from home (last year he was 5 minutes from home) so I of course have been worried that all this fuzziness and brainfog will come rushing back. I’ve tried not to worry and focus on my own sadness but rather focus on the good...the new experience she my son is getting to have, him becoming an independent adult, etc. it is for sure helping. Thanks you for the advice!
I've recently emerged from a five year struggle with severe anxiety disorder and bouts of depression. Brain fog was hands down my worst symptom. I had short-term memory loss, difficulty following conversations, difficulty speaking/getting my words out, couldn't process information well, whether it be spoken or written, and many others. It got so bad, I feared even having conversations with people, even my family, wife, and best friends. I nearly lost my job because I was having such a hard time thinking and communicating. My marriage and relationships suffered. I basically became a hermit in my house. It was the most difficult time of my life.
I write the above with brain fog symptoms for over a year. Diagnosed with general anxiety disorder. Extreme levels where I felt dizzy, not with it, tired, spaced out, feint. I couldn't drive sometimes. I couldn't walk or be in crowded areas. I couldn't escape the thoughts. I forgot things. I panicked alot. Constantly worried about my health. They dominated my life 24/7. So i havent written the above with any naivety to the seriousness of the symptoms of brain fog. The community we have however is amazing... and we can all help eachother
I can totally relate to everything you’ve said! I’ve been dealing with this for about a year. My anxiety, Brian fog, forgetfulness, sadness, loss of interest etc. symptoms are starting to subside. I’ve always been a worrier but this ramped up last year when my son moved out and off to college. I was so sad, crying all the time and then the brain fog kicked in. I thought I was losing my mind. This year my son tranferred 11 hours from home (last year he was 5 minutes from home) so I of course have been worried that all this fuzziness and brainfog will come rushing back. I’ve tried not to worry and focus on my own sadness but rather focus on the good...the new experience she my son is getting to have, him becoming an independent adult, etc. it is for sure helping. Thanks you for the advice!
Hmmm I'm wondering if I have mild in my house. We do have water damage inside the house in the ceiling and we've had multiple leaks. The only thing is I live in the house with my family and no one else has the symptoms I'm displaying. I do have an attic in my closet and my whole closet has a foul odor. I wonder if that is mold related or something else.
Mold!!!!\nI posted here with the symptoms of brain fog, memory loss, fatigue, etc. last year and just two weeks ago I found out that my rental house was full of multiple types of toxic mold. I moved and the symptoms have subsided! I highly recommend that anyone having these symptoms have their home tested for mold ASAP, especially with a history of water damage.
Has anyone had a PET scan? I'm wondering if I should have one done. I see a lot of people have done MRIs. Would that include with contrast? Mine was only done without contrast that's why I ask. I'm not sure what the difference is between the two and what without contrast shows versus with contrast. I'm having a lot of these same problems too. It's truly so depressing. My neurologist literally said she doesn't know what's causing it and suggested I should just take ginkgo biloba. Only problem is my psych said ginkgo interacts with a lot of psychotropic medications. It's like I can't win ughh
I don't like the way this forum is structures, but I think I have found some things that have helped me.
The last year of my life has been a brutal one. At the age of 22, I am in the lowest of lows and I desperately need some help
About a year ago, a couple months after an extremely strenuous relationship, I began noticing that I was tired all the time…and all around, I wasn’t really satisfied. Don’t get me wrong, I still enjoyed my friends, and activities…but life just wasn’t as bright and vibrant anymore after a month of noticing this ever-present fatigue, it got a bit stronger. I would wake up each morning completely zombie-mode…and that feeling would remain throughout the entirety of my day, until my head hit my pillow that evening.