"i can relate. the thing is,you can't always believe what your mind says.AFTER YEARS, and i mean years,of therapy, i still have these days when i feel exactly as you describe.On those days,my mind gets locked into that same loop. "" oh whats the use , I'm 65 , ive raised my family,i no longer feel inspired by anything,there's never going to be anything new and exciting in my life,etc. I so easily see the logic in all that. BUT then i remind myself of how much i love a good laugh. Sometimes i can start imagining a comedian doing stand up about my life. My main relief is remembering , I m not always obligated to see me and my thoughts as being inseparable. and sometimes im reminded i am not my thoughts.and then ask myself ,""WHERE the heck did that come from?"" START MOVING START DANCING. i hope you don't mind my 2 cents, but honestly nothing ever stays the same.
I haven't spoken about it to anyone, I cannot see the point, what would they do ""try and talk me down.."", why my mind is made up, it has been for several years I'm just looking for the time that suits me.
"Hello, I feel the same way. I don't feel depressed or manic, I just feel that once I've had enough I see no problem with just ending myself. After all if you were at a party or a club or a bar etc, if you got bored, or didn't enjoy it you would leave, I have just applied this principal to life. I do not find the prospect of living to a ripe old age appealing at all, in fact the thought is horrifying to me. To end up in a chair surrounded by similar types having your bum wiped and being fed by a spoon because your to addled with some sickness to feed yourself - no thanks.
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired...
I just feel I'm never going to be happy, I am soon to be much a burden on those around me (my gf) and that, in the long run, it'd be better for all if I just went. I know my family and gf love me - but time heals, life would get better and people move on. In the long run I'm sure it wouldn't effect my family and 100% sure my gf would be better off.
I know this sounds odd, but I don't even have the will to get 'better', largely because I don't think I can. I am just 'me'. I am negative, boring and even if it is all just selffullfillng profecies - it's still me who has done that. I'm not blaming life, or others or anything else.
I dip between a wish to not be around that is forever there and seems to be backed up with wholly logical reasons that people genuinely struggle to refute to absolutely crashing panic attacks/ given up when my 'theories' are proved.
So, currently I've quit my job as a teacher, couldn't take it - always something to improve and with my way of thinking that just sounds like constantly someone telling you you're useless (and it backing up your own thoughts anyway) but even though I liked aspects of my job I don't think I had a passion like I see in others. I felt I'd let everyone down so disappeared, my partner/ parents got me through immediate days after my sudden departure from work and saw Doc who was nice enough - put me on medication which seemed to do very little - even after a few months. In fact it only had negative side effects so about three weeks ago I stopped taking them completely. I also started seeing a CBT person about three/four session ago but this feels like it's doing nothing at all either, we talk, I'm honest as I can be but there is some element of being 'public' and putting on that face/ jokey responses.
I have a cycle. Get job, put on confident easy going persona, get physically tired from doing that, lose energy to maintain job, focus on negative, leave job in some form (fired/quit). Friends are much the same, play easy going fun, can't keep it up, lose or push them away. Relationships, get attracted to ones who need help, help them in anyway I can, get to a point where I feel I am no more use so should go as they'd be ultimately better off.
I'm not going to be dramatic and say I'm going to end it, it sounds so pathetic (no offence intended to anyone) but I have thoughts of 'going' or even dreams that I could die 'blamelessly' thorugh accident or illness. Selfish I know.
I have always been pretty useless socially, but have had a normal upbringing, no horrible experiences, have gone through education fine and even got jobs but I've never enjoyed life, never really cared and normally feel like I'm not really worth anything and, inevitably enventually, will become a burden.
im not scared of death i no my family love me and i think i love them i kinda just feel numb its hard to explain i guess i know them and i let them into my life and i dont let many ppl in if i do it just means i have to put on this act for more ppl .
a lot of what you said i have been trying to put into words for a long time but it just comes out like im crazy everyone assumes i have to be depressed im not i see more benefits for my family with me not in the picture.
"I want to die also. I am almost 60, and I look back at my life and realize I have done nothing but hurt the people I love. I have pushed them away. I'm not lonely, I am just worthless and a waste of air. My daughter and my ex best friend will tell you I an toxic. I have always felt defective and have proved that is true. I wish I could go to sleep and not wake up.
There are no easy fixes and no easy words to a depressed individual. To push through day by day min by min is not a easy thing it takes courage determination and a will that refuses eveven thpugh the body is very weak . In most cases as was mine a underline health issue eas the cause. Having pain that puts u in a depressive state but not knowing thats what happened is very dangerous and painfull. Just hang in there it may not get better it might get bearable at best. Having purpose helps . Anything positive helps. But my words will not fix you nor will they ad hope at best you know your not alone and that is something to give support. I may be at the place u were or are. Talking and sharing the road traveled I believe helps. If you can find a group to vent like this where others are going through the same pain at least you know your not alone and we are not just spewing empty words . Our words have substance nutriance and life. They are not spoken from putty or a know it all point of view. our words are of the same dish of pain and suffering. I once heard if we are unable to love a person that has pastaway our sorrow is not of the loss but rather that we are unable to give the love we want to give that causes us sorrow. So in some cases your pain is causes by the fact u just want to love or be loved and have nothing to give and get. That in my opion is a good explanation of pain. Thank for listening and I truly love u all
"So pleased to hear you are still around but just keeping low profile. Like you i am resigned tomthe fact they cannot fix whats wrong for me but i still look for answers. You do well to keep going.
"Hey. I just wanted to say that recently Ive been doing much better. For a little bit of a backstory,,, I went under the Holy Spirit when I was 14. That religious experience was very dramatic and I cant say that I necessarily became very religious after that experience. However in my late 20's I started reading Bible and touching my spiritual essence much more. Then not so much again. BUT, as of late I feel blessed and feel that for the most part I am practicing Gods will. Wanted to tell everyone here that is my experience.. I was in a suicide depression for over 8 months and I feel just as I write this a small hint of dread again, but like I said, something transformed in me and I wanted to share it ThankYou
"I stare at a bottle of pills everyday just thinking when will I take them all and this pain be over I hate my life
"I almost tear up when I read your words as they are the words that are also in my heart and head. It's an awful place to be and we have to draw strength from each other that this is something bigger than us, and not worry if we don't particularly ""fit in"" or even want to ""fit in"". My life feels like a Stepford wives movie, where everyone is perfect and I can't get through to anyone, there's no transparency, live a vicious game that I can't find the door out of. How our heads can play games on us. Anthony Bourdain and Kate Spade show us that wealth, popularity, success and fame do not buy happiness, nor do people telling us to ""be grateful"". I have no answer just to say, I feel your pain, and sincerely believe there will be an end to it. Mine has gone on for 5 years now, and I was always such a positive, happy, person.
"Suicide not even close running away into the wood to live like a hermit might work but the a bear would eat us so not bad but painful. All jokes aside the only way ive been able to cope is day by day and staying away from family thry can be triggers and the worst in time of disstress.your lucky if ur not homeless yet. There is someone alwzys worse off. So for me anger inside anger that is rages on. Im angry at myself for letting myself fall this bad im angry at God a spirit so powerful it can create a universe and here we r suffering because a goverment and society has taken away our right to have a home on empty land. I could live ok on my own but in society people plot to ruine u if your to good at your job .now im jobless carless homeless. I have no reason to wake up anymore . It truly is killing me inside. Why should i bother getting better just so i can be knocked down again. I went through colon surgery survive that for this. I experienced the beauty and love pf God to only be left alone and sad beyond any measure. A hopeless people becaise even hope a fake coping tool has abandoned me. Even the universe that helped me see the whole picture revealed all of it to just leave me in a worse place than before i knew for sure this is a creation. So why cant he help me become a sucess to be a help to others a real help not a for profit help
Without me but I certainly don’t think taking my life is the answer to my problems. I don’t even know what to say. I’m tired of it like I want to fall into a put and lay there for eternity.
"I too am a burden to this. My Friends are the ones hard done by because they are always out having a laugh drinking, socialising and what have you but, lately for about 4 months o have kept pushing them away and not going with them. My family also regularly go out on a weekend but I to avoid it by staying at home or just going somewhere on my own. I want to escape it all the lifestyle I live in and especially my area but just to be free. Girls always seem to effect me negatively as they fall into love but I only hurt and don’t want to continue the story. My honest opinion is that the world would be a better place
Checking myself out is also not a option a desire but im not capable of murder. So i can sit and rot because we are very usefull we have great skills and we even have faitb yup God is real and part of tbe problem. He could fix it but even he has stepped back he could use our willing vessel but doesnt. The evil one has even passed because there is to much good in us even though we are in fact useless. Goverment programs ha nope. So rot away we rot away not by chouce by circumstance. Ill get the ones who say get up go out and make something happen. Did that i wouldnt be doing this if i had that as a option
"I can relate i wanted to respond they make everything into a task . Nothing is worth it ive responded to job ads for training and cant even land tbem . Housing has turned into a business driving is defensive now. Im just so tiredhope is fake always was but we use it to push forward i cant even use fake to make it
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired...
"I am so tired of life too. I will be 43 soon and I am sick and tired of the repetition, doing the same thing week in week out. Life has become so boring and meaningless. I do not want to change who I am or what I do...I just want to go to bed and never wake up. At this stage in my life I feel that I have done all that I wanted to do. As I get older I also find that I have become increasing tired of people, I put on a brave face but inside I just want to run a mile away from them. The pretense is wearing thin at this stage and I feel that it will only get worse. I also have a growing detest for the way we humans can and do behave towards each other and the way we treat the plant we live on. Turn on the news, read a newspaper, the injustice in this world is shocking, the lives that some people are forced to live is shocking and most people just do not care, the greed, the arrogance + much more...all of it turns my stomach and it makes me resent life. I dream of getting away from everyone and every thing and living a very quite secluded life...living like a hermit I guess...but of course this is not possible because of responsibilities and my financial situation will not allow it. I guess never waking up is the only true and permanent seclusion that is available to me now....hence why I crave it. I would never self harm or kill myself but I do not want to continue either. The more that I think about life, the more meaningless I see it. Whether you are rich or poor, happy or sad, healthy or sick .etc. it is all temporary and the same faith awaits us all...death. Graveyards are full of high achievers and billionaires. When you are dead you are no more so what you achieve in life becomes irrelevant to you...even if you did take pride in it while you were alive. I remind myself of this all the time, I find this very reassuring and it helps me to not take life too seriously. Life is a gift, for sure, but I wish the gift could be returned when you have had enough of it. Sorry for being so pessimistic but years of working hard, struggling, dealing with ass*oles, trying to fit in, repetition, worrying and seeing how we behave towards each other...has worn me out. I know that some people can just keep going and going no matter what but after 42 years I feel that the fight in me has gone....I gave it my best shot and I feel that I am entitled to bow out now. The occasional high that does come my way from time to time is fleeting and it does not give me any reason to want to continue anymore. The thought of hanging around for another 25+ years is depressing. I have never suffered from depression in the past but I feel that it is waiting for me around the corner....beam me up scotty....energize..darn...still here!
"This is such an excellent comment, I also feel that rsjg posts have resounded so well across so many people and I'm one of them. Like you said all the posts here allow me to see that there are many who also have felt so tired of life despite unable to pinpoint a real dramatic event that has occurred in their life, furthermore there isn't a lot of comment on ""you should do this"", it's just a community telling one another about their story and how they feel, filled with all the human emotions. For me who also have lost any real purpose and tired of having to wake up to another day for at least 10 years now, I feel like at this point what I want isn't medication but instead someone to connect to. I mean I probably won't find a way to ""cure"" my thoughts but seeing I'm not alone made me just a bit happy, perhaps enough so that I can continue on a bit longer.
Thank you for letting me be who I am. Long-winded, self important, selfish, self obsessed, ungrateful, intolerant, negative . . . . and maybe human but a bit too much so!
I am not a great supporter of medication for this. All medication if taken in sufficient quantity to be effective is likely to have side effects. And this problem is so fundamental to us and such a product of our thinking that taking a pill does not seem realistic. Only my experience but I was totally unable to explain myself to a professional, I kept making things up and saying what I thought he wanted to hear.
That is not to say hope can't creep in. We would not have carried on if we didn't allow hope at all. But hope seems to be easily crushed by our doubts and fears and apathy. The French have the word 'ennui' which seems to be the exact thing I suffer from. Tired of life. I have tried it the way other people do it, I have tried it my way, I have tried to balance them both and have achieved fleeting satisfaction but it is not sustainable for me. I revert to Default. Even as a child I remember responding to my parents with “can't be bothered”. After 58 years I am tired, I have several health issues and few friends, I thank God for a good day each day but cringe inwardly as I don't really feel that it was. Why do it then? Because there is still a little bit of hope. I try to run through the things which were ok and ask for help to do better tomorrow. It keeps me going.
I tend to push people away subconsciously. Unfortunately there are answers to this but my experience shows me that we will not keep it up. There are lots of answers but the only true answer is to accept who we are. Don't worry what everyone else thinks. Be grateful for what we have. Help others. If we do all that and keep it real we will be in a good place. Life is a journey, there is only one destination. So we have to enjoy the journey or change our mode of transport. I have tried a lot of fairly objective self analysis in a 12 step recovery programme (the addiction was not the problem, it was me) and I understand a lot of my problems and character flaws. But ultimately I will disconnect and look for negatives without some serious work, which I get tired of quickly. There is a lot of bad stuff in the world, our society seems to be fixated on wealth and not well being. There are some who think they are the same. We may disagree I think. On the other hand there are some who give and do wonderful things just naturally, I am not one of them, but i do try when I can despite my lack of altruism in doing it.
"Hi to all who post here and to rsjg who started this. Thank you for giving me this window to connect through. The lack of instruction on what to do is refreshing. And also important. My internal response is always, “don't tell me what to do about this, you don't understand”. Contradictorially (is that a word? Looks like one!) I have the same feeling even if I identify with what you say. So maybe I just want to be allowed to be like this. This is the beauty of rsjg's post for me.
"Thank you! That was helpful to read, and I do agree I am one who thinks about it, but would never be brave enough to do it, or ever that hopeless. I think perhaps it's just a means of reaching out for friendship and non-judgement. I only wish I were in the UK or Ireland, where the pressure to be young, beautiful, confident and extroverted is not as much a part of societal norms as it in here in California. Either that or back home in Australia with family.
"That makes 3 of us - I wrote a suicide note to my best friend this morning - just done with 4 years of crying every day and lost the joy in the little things I used to love. I no longer dance when I cook and that was what defined me.
"I feel the same.. I am tired too
i am tired! hope god will call me soon
i dont want to die but i cant afford to live with pain of emotions that i am worth less and no one needs me!
sometimes not sometimes infact 24x7 i think to end up witg life.
but I am not. I have mental illness not a mental retarted person!
Become burden on others and also lost my farther last year so I'm too much in grief that now what will happen to me who will feed me now! Im an adlut still feel helpless like a small kid!
I'm 35 years divorced woman from India.
And it's really difficult for me too to cope up with life when small thing makes me feel that its end of life!
Well iam diagnosed with BPD borderline personality disorder
I would like to tell you after read your story it seems that i am reading my own!
I really think I would be better off gone since I have no one to start with to begin with.
"I pretty much understand where your coming from. I have felt like that since my divorce 12 years ago and the relationship I'm in right now really makes no sense at all to me.
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired...
I just feel I'm never going to be happy, I am soon to be much a burden on those around me (my gf) and that, in the long run, it'd be better for all if I just went. I know my family and gf love me - but time heals, life would get better and people move on. In the long run I'm sure it wouldn't effect my family and 100% sure my gf would be better off.
"You are very welcome Chris. It always puzzled me why I had depression from childhood and have problems in relationships. I wasn't beaten or abused etc so I couldn't fathom it. When I came across CEN by chance bells started ringing very loud and it describes my childhood to a tee. Now I understand the roots of my depression. I only wish I had known about it many years ago as my whole life could have been a lot better. x
"Thanks hypercat. Really useful link. I think I experienced one or more of those things from my parents. They were both single children born in the Thirties from very traditional backgrounds and would have no access to the information we have today. I cannot blame them but have never had a close relationship with them. Interestingly my sister rebelled and was a bit wild and I sort of crumpled and shut down. She has a much wider life than me now with children and a partner, whereas I keep myself to myself more but we both have suffered with a depressive outlook and suicidal thoughts. Dunno about her as we aren't close (surprise) but mine continue. Just started really addressing things now, so thanks again for your help.
"This sounds like it may be helpful to me, but I couldn't see a link where you say, look at this? It clicked with me too, as now I feel I am very scared to feel anything again, let alone joy.
According to CEN emotions are what connect us to ourselves and lead us to have a rich and fulfilling emotional life. The good news is you can to some extent teach yourself how to reconnect and I am doing this right now. Have a look at this and see if it can help you. I hope so. x
I came across something called Childhood Emotional Neglect on the internet a couple of years ago and it immediately clicked for me. It is something which until now has been virtually ignored by mental health experts but is gathering pace now. It's to do with never learning to experience and deal with our emotions through a healthy and nurturing environment. Because of this we dampen down our emotions in order to survive then either have great problems learning to reconnect with them or are unable to completely.
"I have been re reading some of the comments here and what strikes me is how many of us feel empty and put a mask on. How we can't find any joy from life and just see it as a burden, and feel one on those around us.
I don't respond well to compliments, I don't know how to handle them , so I will just say 'thank you' for such a lovely post. Yes I'm still here, still going! I'd love to believe your post, but I'd be lying if I said I did!
"I do still reply on here and read every comment but yes, I do find it a little tiring occasionally. I also feel chronically under qualified to help those asking for it. But if someone speaks to me directly I do reply - I've had a few private messages!
"""I know this sounds odd, but I don't even have the will to get 'better', largely because I don't think I can. I am just 'me'. I am negative, boring and even if it is all just selffullfillng profecies - it's still me who has done that. I'm not blaming life, or others or anything else.""
"I can very much appreciate how you feel rsjg. I have a full-life with wonderful children grand kids, a wonderful job and a strength that has gotten me through most anything. But I'm very tired of being here too!!! And I am not depressed!!! And no one will convince me that I am. Drugs are not the answer. I just don't see the point anymore and that doesn't make me sick. I would never do anything to harm myself, but I'm just so done with this place. The bottom line for me is I'm very bored and alone. Mostly alone. I have hobbies that keep me sane. But I never thought I'd be alone this long after a horribly abusive 25 year marriage. I search the web often and ask Google, ""What do I do with the rest of my life?"" like I'm going to find some miracle cure for this life. But I happened upon this thread and just wanted to say Hi! ""Hi!""
"Know how you feel, I feel exactly the same.
A spiritual gem that helps me cope with severe depression and
"I agree that religion in the wrong hands is oppressive and can do much damage psychologically. Many have used religious books, traditions and institutions to dominate, harm and deceive others. I must admit that I tried to use the bible to get my family to do things my way on occassion,....It backfired! I've learned that the bible is a mirror for me to change me and only me. I am not suppose to read it with the hope of changing others. I can share what helps me but ultimately their life is their choice. God gave each person free will to choose whether we serve him or not. No one but God should judge our decision. Actually Jehovah God has given Jesus the authority to judge but I digress. : )
"I think religion plays a major role in mental health i tried to work out from the very beginning why this is affecting me tracing it all back and realised that i was brainwashed. I sometimes would rather not have known or rather not been told about God and whilst i believe there must be i'd have rather worked this out myself if i was ever going to. I have honestly thought about suing over this but i'd have more chance of winning the lottery. I asked my mother why i was put in a catholic school she replied because i was and whilst this made me angry because it was the exact answer i was dreading but expecting i don't blame her as i don't think a lot of people understand how it can negatively affect someones mental health.
"First, I need to say thank you for your candid post. It truly is too bad such conversation is not valued and freely discussed with true support given in the family, in school, in the workplace and so forth but there is a time and place for all things. This forum, your words, gave voice to my feelings. I cherish and am nourished by such discussions! Instead of accepting one another as we are people want to fix us with medication or heap more stress on us by pushing us to leave our comfort zone and follow our dreams, goals and ambitions! Cast caution to the wind, risk your life, do what you have to to get ahead! I've been told I'm too nice as though it is a negative. I've felt crushed and inadequate by constructive feedback, advice and suggestions. I quit my job 6 years ago (retail shift manager)because of severe anxiety. I loved helping customers but was not leadership material. I am uneducated by the world's standards but I understand things pretty clearly. i have difficulty expressing myself which is very frustrating. My brain glitches and for the most part seems empty. I cant carry on a conversation because i dont seem to have many thoughts. I feel confused, drained, unworthy and stupid. Ive wanted to ""leave"" everyday for 15 years. I am clinically depressed and so are millions of other people. Ive analyzed and picked apart everything said to me and everything I've said to others. I've felt like a burden to my husband. Do I think my family will be better off without me? Not anymore but I used to. What helps me? Knowing that the way the world is set up is not conducive to good mental or physical health. Knowing that mankind as a whole is flawed. I feel unworthy and inadequate because I am... and so is every human. I know you have your views on religion and it's understandable because it has failed to do what it's designed to do which is to direct mankind to the true God. The hypocrisy, greed and complete disregard for what God wants has resulted in as you say the blind leading the blind. The most intelligent men on earth (scientists, doctors, engineers, lawyers, professors, political and relgious leaders, etc) have been unable to solve the very basic problems of mankind ie; wars, crime, violence, poverty, homelessness, hopelessness, disease, corruption, drug addiction, the list goes on endlessly. Its no wonder depression has increased by leaps and bounds. We'd be crazy not to be depressed. Those who are coping or appear to be handling things well (my husband included) have resigned themselves to the madness with such sayings as ""it is what it is"" and ""get yours"" oh and my favorite ""you think too much""...... There is hope, there are solutions, there are answers. Can you guess which Religion I am? It's also weird that since I joined my religion I became more depressed because I became more aware. Keep knocking, keep searching and praying. You will know the truth... you will be set free...... Sorry so choppy!
"I don't have depression even through I probably should after what happened to me but it's just that everything is boring my life is a never ending repeating routine so I'm just like what am I doing what does suicide guarantee me a escape no one knows if that really is it
"I almost cried when I read your post, as the feelings you express are just as I feel - that sick empty sinking hole is so very crippling, and I do not know what to do either. I don't know how old you are but I am 58 and even done with my career. How I wish we could find the cause of this pure agony, worse than any physical pain, and denying us the fullness of life and hope. All I can offer is that you are not alone.
"I too feel done with life. Not suicidal just tired of the struggle. I get no joy from anything or anyone. I love my family but I seem to dread being around them. I love my job but I always dread going to work and dread coming home from work. I am just tired of it all and feel like the best of life is behind me andi have nothing to look forward to in the future but the end. I’ve tried any different antidepressants but they do not seem to help. I’ve tried alcohol but no real relief. I feel this sick, empty, sinking hole in my heart that won’t go away. I don’t know what to do; I’m just miserable all the time and am ready to call it a life.
"I had a similar issue two years ago. I called a fdriend on the phone two-three times a week and I felt better
"Powerful words. I join you in not feeling I belong anywhere. I am currently reading a book, Braving the Wilderness, which is helping. I guess that's what therapists are for also.
Oh yeah - are you still a teacher? Either way think you've found you're calling. Just look at all the people in this thread you are helping with your words. I feel comfort there's more like me
I don't know. Even i think im talking s**t sometimes. I've been on meds for about a year. Tried 4 before i found the one im on that doesnt have the horrible side effects the others had but i still feel numb and like a zombie at times. No interest or motivation. I wish i never, ever started them. Working out use to be my thing and it helps me loads but doc convinced me i needed to go on meds and now its like i cant get off them. Withdrawal was always so bad i had to go back on them. I hate the word 'suicide' as its connotations are brutal, negative, selfishness and 'crazy'. What if we are the 'normal' ones. We just don't fit into societies boxes. We beat ourselves up for not following their linear thought patterns.
I think it's cool you're able to hold down a relationship. I never could. I've always had this feeling that I'm not meant for this world. And that's OK. Surely not everyone is. My soul does not connect with anything. Not even my family. Only with nature, the skies, the moon - anything solitary and all encompassing.
"Hey. Ok - so first this is weird. My own Google search of despair has lead me here, to your post dated 3 years a go but currently relatable and compelling me to reply. I see many others felt the same and I'm glad to see your still alive even though I support anyones decision to do as they please with their lives. Whats made you hold on? Or rather how do you just live with it? Freud argued we have life and death instincts. What if some of us just woukd rather not be here? I resent having to think about my family and loved ones etc... they are not really here to support and understand now so why should i stay alive just to suit others? To stop their pain. What about my pain? I find life exhausting. So exhausting. I'd like to sleep now. I'd love for there to be a land of utopia where I could reside but unfortunately as with life there are no guarantees.
Funnily enough the more I learned the more I knew about myself and the less I wanted to take my own life. I am mainly glad I stuck around otherwise I would have missed some interesting times. If I can do this then so can you and the others. Don't give in until you have tried everything first - and I mean everything. x
I decided I wanted to learn how to make friends (this had totally bypassed me before) so I watched other people, how they interacted and how they talked and behaved towards each other and started copying them adapting it of course to my own personality. At the same time I sought counselling. Well I learnt and started making friends. Then life just opened up for me and so many good things happened ie going to Uni, buying my first home etc. through to discovering a couple of passions which I still have in my life.
I faced a stark choice in my late 20's but chose to do everything in my power to make my life more to my liking - after all I had nothing to lose did I? The other was my comfort blanket which gave me the confidence to try and sort my life out if you see what I mean.
"Hi I totally get the peace thing as I have held it as my comfort blanket for many years now. What I always have done though is hold off making that decision by deciding every morning that today wouldn't be the day I would do it. I have held it off now for around 35 years. I was convinced I wouldn't make old bones either, but you know what I have - yes I am gobsmacked but there is a certain satisfaction to be found from that.
"So true...thanks for the reply. The peace continues and I even smiled today, I know right...wow and I ventured outside! But I’m not stupid I’ve been here many times before and I’m still clinging on..for now. I’m also glad there are people just like me, who think and see the world from ’our’ perspective and people who, unlike me, can put it into words so elequently like you’re able to. Thank you.
"That peace to which you refer is as beautiful as it is scary. It is something you can never tell anyone about or they will think you have lost your mind. It is so deeply rooted, you can't grasp it's source, how it suddenly replace emotion, hope, love, joy. If you told anyone in healthcare, you'd be put in a padded cell to protect yourself and that is terrifying because we are not crazy. I have always been a writer, able to express my feelings, in poetry particularly, but now I grasp with this peace to leave - I watch people living their lives with wonder, see them see me as a successful human being, and am bewildered. I do hope you, and I, grow old, that we can find the source of this evil peace, of this thing that has stolen our will to live or to try. I pray I will wake up and be a new person, I even pray something will happen to me, shake me into reality. I will pray for you too.
"I’m gobsmacked! I can relate to this 100%. Socially awkward to a degree...I can get jobs (nurse NHS) but I always get involved in things that don’t concern me and....I usually leave. I’m plagued by bad decision making, regret etc etc. I no longer have friends, not a single one, my life is inside these four walls.i feel bad for those who die young or suddenly and here’s me not wanting to be here anymore. I’ll never grow old, I know that for sure. But I’m biding my time and making sure ‘things’ are in place. I don’t need or want sympathy, I’m past that....There’s a kind of .... peace when ‘you know’.
"i m 24 ...i have been feeling same thing...i am a teacher too...i teach others but cant teach to my mind...i dont want to die because of my family but i also dont wanna live...i have lost fun from my life i srsly dont know how do people live happy...because i dont know what is happiness
So, in answer, in the end all we have is God. I long to see him and be in that glory, but I don't want to go there feeling like I have let him down and missed the opportunity to share what is good in me ( I know there must be something), to help even just one person, bring a smile to someone. Thanks for sharing openly and allowing all us others the safety and freedom to share our own path and support each other.
"I read your story with both understanding and sadness, having that same underlying and constant feeling that I long to be free of this life. It's not always been me though, I was a person with drive, leaving home at 16 and moving with conviction and belief that I could make a difference - I was a glass half full girl. I was the one throwing out all those verses that now drive me crazy, thinking, if they knew this pain, they wouldn't be saying, ""pull yourself together"", ""look at the bright side - You're smart, fit, ok looking and married"", or ""look at all who are worse off"". Truth is I don't know when or how my spirit just one day died, my will to get up every morning and have hope, to believe in myself and that I would ever have joy again, all just sizzled up. I forgave my husband for his 2 year affair with a sexy Cuban, it's not that, he stayed with me through it. I know I can work, and have lots of potential, but I can't even finish my writing jobs. When I go home to Australia or travel somewhere else in the world, and am in a safe environment with people who love me, I get a sneak glimpse into the Sally that could be, but I come home and it all falls to pieces. I wish I could say I know it gets better. I'm still hoping God will save me, that in some way I am going through a life lesson, and that I need to be totally cleaned of all that is me (all that I have come to believe is a burden on others and unappealing) and start over as a brand new person. I know God can do it, as I sure can't and that is the hope that keeps me going. I can't see myself having the power to solve this, and I get quite upset when my husband tries to fix me with his superficial niceness. I feel like a face a long long fence, too high to climb, too deep to dig under, and no doors as far as the eyes can see. Or like I""m playing a game of solitaire, and no matter how hard I try I know it's a no win.
I don't know what you love to do or know what you want from life or what you loved in life before you felt this way only you can find this but your like myself and many others with the feelings.
You have depression (I have depression) I feel blank but I think if you were on MEDS at any point for a lengthy period over 3 months they change you as a person it really messes with your brain chemistry more than anyone who studies will ever realize unless they experience it themselves. The good thing about this whether or not you were on meds is all these unfortunate feelings can be changed.
"You seem like a really nice caring person and I can relate to what you say almost completely and especially the ""everything is pointless"" and ""my life ended some time ago"". I personally don't enjoy life like I feel I should I haven't really since I was 16 now 30 and I when really young subconsciously told myself as weird as it is that how happy I was as a kid is not going to last and that i feel i am going to die young anyway. (Surprised I am still alive tbh ) Anyway I feel we all have our paths pre set in life (Fate ) if you want to call it that and you can't change that but on this path we have 2 or possibly more directions given to us and this new direction takes up a portion of our lives until the next directions are given to us and what direction you choose to take doesn't matter meaning that if you choose to look after number 1 you'll get what you want from life but doing so you have to cut things out or people who you want to make happy or you feel obligated to help. The next direction is the opposite of what I said earlier the final one is give up and either stay on the path what your on and do nothing.
I tend to compare myself to everyone I meet and feel pretty useless in my own eyes (it's bad, but it comes so naturally), but I have faint hope on bad days and hope on good ones that who I am is good for something or someone, somewhere.
I pray you find purpose, I pray for it myself every day and am only now starting to see where I fit in this life equation at 30 - it's being revealed a little more each day.
Knowing how futile and inappropriate it is dishing out advice - the best I can offer is an ear to listen that understands completely. Most days I feel hopeless, joy is elusive though the best moments usually arrive when I'm with family - I'm only truly close with my immediate family and a few of my cousins who've known me since we were kids. I have never been able to hold on to any friendships for longer than it was convenient for the other person, perhaps I came across as distant too. I too can't stand small talk and am quite comfortable with silence - though I'm trying now to engage a bit more with other people by throwing out the odd question.
"I empathise with you completely. It's quite astonishing that so many of us have found others who feel exactly the same way about life in this corner of the net.
"I am a ghost, a shell. I no longer know who I am, or care for that matter. I exist in the world as an observer. I am neither happy, nor sad, I just am. I am talented, yet derive no enjoyment from my skills. I don’t like people, and hate to engage in shallow small talk. I have an amazing gf, a kind and loving soul that works tirelessly to help me see the bright side of life, and I do try. She is such an inspiration to me, I wish I could be just like her, but alas, I am confined to a bland existence in my own mind. I feel my life ended some time ago, yet my body persists. I don’t indulge in drugs or alcohol, exercise, seek help with physical and mental issues, yet deep down there is a deep rooted belief that everything is pointless. I have taken the maximum dosage of my antidepressants for over 5 years now, and feel that how things are now is as good as it gets for me. I role play my way through my job, and my relationships, but when the masks come off, and the curtain goes down I am blank, emotionless, and lonely. It is almost time for me to go, I wish you all the best😔
"Indenial of death scared to die and scared of family dieing prompting what's the point? I dunno if this is what's up with you but what you said was like mimicing me.
"Man you have taken every though and put into words for me. Thank you. Hope your okay. I hope I'll be okay.
"I have been holding onto that for a long time. Some days seem slightly better than others, others are awful. Feel pretty useless and just treading water. Are you on a med? They have tried several and I get worse on them. Is there any cure for this out there?
"Yeah they are the only reason I’m still here. However it’s getting harder and harder to hold onto that.
"You have kids, always a reason to carry on. I'd never have kids because of that responsibility but if you have kids you owe them to fight. My partner might well be able to find someone better, but your kids will never get a new Dad. I think other family are different; you don't have a responsibility to them but kids you do. There's no way they're better off without you around. So if nothing else, just remember your kids everytime the thought crosses your mind. Good luck.
"I feel so much the same way. However I think I will end up “doing myself in”. I always thought 50 would be the “right” age, I’m almost 41. Kids would be moved on etc etc but for me things are getting increasingly hard to keep positive and keep going.
"I feel the same way I just feel there is no point in living. I always pretend that I'm fine with others because no one really understands me and I feel that I'm all alone in this world. I've often thought of suicide but it would just be a pathetic way of dying.So all I can say is I guess the people who are like this just have to live with this burden forever.
Everything you say is true. But thinking it and believing it/ living it are very different worlds! I do wonder, whether self inflicted or not, that such thoughts eventually become so ingrained in ones psyche that you become that person anyway. So even if I wasn't what I profess to be at the start, such is the mindset that I have now become that person beyond all repute. There is little denying the burden I have become.
I keep thinking of insignificant things that wouldn't bother your average person. And it's impossibly lately to make it stop. I just seem to relive over and over stupid moments that in my mind I could have said something different or behaved in a different way. And almost as though I set myself up for failing down the road I sense doom sometimes. Not a good feeling. I haven't taken meds and this current bout was almost like a nervous breakdown. I'm the past due to relationships etc. I've had depressing moments, but nothing like this. I wonder what I have that finally came in so suddenly and gripped me?
"It's beautiful that we all post comments here and share our experiences. You wrote that you feel very similar to poster and I very much do as well. I have friends that I used to do stuff with (hiking. Camping etc. ) I just don't anymore. Sometimes looking someone I know in the eye I can sense that they feel I'm not my old energetic outgoing self and I don't know how to change it. I tell a friend or two I can trust that I'm not feeling great, and I always hear basically to suck it up. I don't know how many people on here have constant repetitive thoughts , but I'm tired of it. The only relief is work since I need to focus , but I'm not feeling myself at all. I'm just treading water. I don't want to be here in this place. I own my own home outright. Very very little debt. I'm still relatively young (44). Good 9-5 job. Never work weekends. and here I am. I don't understand it, but whatever.
I guess write if you feel like it. I don’t know if it helps to know I feel very similar to you. It helped me to read your comment, because I thought “ oh, I’m not the only one”. I wish us peace , inspiration, and enthusiasm. Good luck, and I’m pretty sure you’d be missed if you weren’t around.
I’d like to feel some passion for something. Anything that would permit “ flow”, but sometimes there are no avenues. I’m seeing my weekly therapist tomorrow, and quite frankly, I’m tired of that , too. For a couple of months I did neurofeedback, which I thought was helping, but now, I don’t know. What is CBT?
But back to you, when I read your entry, I felt such a kinship. I know that feeling of futility in the game of life. Sometimes you can navigate the waters and float. It’s not great, but at least there’s no undertow.
I was struck by your mention of helping people. I , too, like to help people . I feel most significant when I am helping my friends, but at the same time , I don’t want then to not feel better so I’ll feel needed. Ironically, I’m therapist to every one of my friends.
My husband is an excellent father, but with that, he’s much rather see our kids than ever have quality time with me. He’s not at all romantic. I have friends , but many are living retired with their husbands. My husband is in biotech and plans to work for at least another year and a half.
I have officially been an empty nester since 2014 , the year my younger daughter finished school and took off for Boulder.
At 36 , I had a child and a husband, which gave me a measure of security. My mother, father, and sister never lived to see my child. I was very close to my mother, and she died the year before I met my husband. Then a second daughter arrived two years later in 1992.
Sometimes I am able to control the thoughts after years of reading self help books and trying various late 1970’s workshops to get “it”. Nothing helped, and at one point in my early 20’s I was afraid to be alone and afraid to be with people.
"Today was definitely one of those days of which you describe.even though I don’t have them as frequently, they happen seemingly out of nowhere.
In answer yes, no, not sure! Very little has changed since the first post all those years ago. Sometimes I want to sleep forever, other days I feel better but it's still there in the back of my mind at all times. I'm not sure, if I were ever asked directly, whether I would ever say I was happy - it's more what degree I'm fighting myself today.
"I'll keep this short, but as you asked me directly I feel it only right to reply. I think it was the word 'cry' that caught my attention - I've been so accepting and calm about my inadequacies that I haven't cried in years...that's probably slightly odd!
"Rsjg I've been reading your messages and cried as I did. The way you are feeling I have felt most of my life. I want to know how you are doing? Have you found a way to cope and find some joy in life yet?
"Oh am very sorry you feel this way but please do not think of even committing suicide or just dying.Sometimes we feel that way about ourselves .Even I have felt that way too but you should keep living and not giving up in life at all.Will recommend this site's to you.
"I can't believe I found your post. By all accounts I have a great life and great husband but relate completely to ""I'm just tired"". How are you now? What are you doing these days? I'm having a hard time with the point to it all and somehow came across this post as searching for painless suicide methods. I just feel like I exist. I don't see a counselor or take any meds. I'm not addicted to drugs or alcohol, I have not been abused. I have fun sometimes, I laugh sometimes but, I'm just tired. Let me know how you're doing.
Just a thought - you say you had a normal childhood? I did too in the sense that I was physically harmed or from a broken home or anything, but what I didn't realise for many years was that I was suffering from Childhood Emotional Abuse until I googled Childhood Emotional Neglect. Suddenly many things made sense as CEN isn't about what was done it is about what wasn't done.
?So that's why I don't really respond on here, because I'm not sure I can really advise anyone or help you with questions like you put directly to me - nothing did it for me, I doubt anything ever will.
?I still have no 'job' other than day to day stuff which is very unreliable. I still have zero friends, I still have zero social life (obvious really!) and still feel a disconnect from my family. I still feel like my gf would be better without me.
?Some days are better than others, some days I can act 'normally' and no-one would notice. Other days I just hideaway. My most overriding feeling of the last few months has not been of anger, sadness or anything other than tiredness, just like I want to close my eyes, lie back and never wake up. I've sat on the edge of my bed, taken a few deep breaths, closed my eyes and just wished that it was that calm and easy to disappear.
?I would absolutely love it I could say yes I am much more upbeat but I'm not sure where you get that from! My last response to a message three months ago basically stated nothing changes. I re-read my first post and a handful of ones I've written in response to others over the years and couldn't think of one thing that I feel differently about. Still tired, still a burden, still all the things I think about myself.
"Mmm. I'm not sure how to reply to this. I've cut back on my responses on here as the thread seems to have taken on almost a community of its own - a place for people to say they feel similar and get responses. I read every post but feel I am far from a poster boy for success - quite the reverse.
"Your original post was three years ago. I read your comments regularly now and you are much more upbeat. What did it for you? Sure as hell the meds they have given me have made me worse at times. I seem to need a different approach, any guidance.
"Hey there. There is no proper solution to this as such but I believe that it is your thought process which needs change. You should talk about your problem to someone close to you or maybe vent it out by writing or engaging into some activity which requires expressing oneself such as acting or singing etc. It is good that you understand that life ahead is going to be beautiful, but what you also need to have at the moment is patience and don't lose hope. Maybe this is why after having gone through medications and therapies, you are not able to recover from your condition. I recently consulted an online forum called eWellness Expert. They have psychologists with wide experience in their field who can help you, if you require professional help. Hope this helps. Take care
"Hey Natalie. I noticed that if I keep busy, have something to look forward too , that it helps. Keep moving on.
"I feel very similar to you a lot. I do have a few things in my life that are out of my control and suck a bag right now...but not like anyone is dying. I do want to do things and want to make friends. I have a husband but he doesn't really understand me and he is a part of some of my ""out of my control"" issues...but There are many more. A brief and complex list goes something like this..I apparently can't hold down any friendships and now I don't really want to, I never cared about becoming someone or having the drive to have a career till I was 29 and am now screwed bc I know nothing yet want to know, and I am the laziest 110lb girl in the universe yet want to move. I'm a an enigma. My dad made a quote up about me a while ago saying ""the only thing consistent with Becca is that she is always inconsistent"". ..it's pretty accutate and he is a psychiatric social worker (yet he is his own piece of work.) I have been depressed since 6th grade. I am 31 now. It was in remission for a while and kind of turned in to anxiety as I got older. It's now leading back to a depressive state. It's kind of like my brain and body want two different things. Although I have a gimpy knee, my body is a little ball of energy that can hardly stay still....bit my brain says, ""No, sit down and sleep, bc what's the point."" I'm not trying to be an ass but sometimes tupac has it right...why am I fighting to live when I'm just living to die! It's not like I want to die...quite frankly it's a bit terrifying, but I do want mental peace. Instead of picturing me taking my own life I kind of just picture myself hanging in space orbiting around my own planet. Idk, I look pretty normal and plain but I am a really odd bird. I Think about what people must have done in previous times when life was a lot more simple, but perhaps they were more happy because they just kept busy and they didn't have the option to sit and mope. I really like tv because it's distracting. I finally did something to help me with my drive to become someone, but its probably going to fail.....and then what??? I never ever wanted self-worth before.. I kind of just accepted myself for who I was, pretty much a plain old nobody. But now I'm trying to better my situation and what if that goes wrong..I'm back to being a plain old nobody. I don't know where to focus or emphasize importance. I have been souls searching since I was 10 really and I like myself..i think I could be nicer to family, but other then that I am okay with being a hater and for not keeping up with the Kardashians. I try to find solace in nature, but a storms always a brewing. I often say to myself, ""okay make the most of any situation and your here now so may as well enjoy yourself bc no one is going to make you happy except you and you have one life."" That's kind of my mantra, and also very true, bc often people make me very sad...especially the ones closest to me. Anything can help.. Butler? Any words?
"I see that this is a very old post, but I appreciate it. I feel exactly the same way
"It's very sad reading all these comments. I hope you all get better and find happiness. You all deserve it too. I'm in the same situation but I have good reason. Everything is against me. It's not only the depression, the nervous breakdowns, GAD, Agoraphobia, Social Phobia, Social Anxiety, PTSD. I suspect BPD too. All the problems I have revolve around people and me. How can I live when I can't even be near anyone?Even my own family which hurts me. I wish I had a career, etc. Everything everyone does but instead I'm stuck in my house letting the time pass me by. Just wasting time I shouldn't think about it so much I don't have anything to lose. All my problems have caused my misery since I was 4. I don't have a furture. I don't want a present either. I want my pain to go away. I want to be like everyone else. Functional and social. Useful. But instead I'm stuck in my bed I no longer get out of it. I'm all day in it. Even when I get up I get dizzy and feel I will collapse. Anyways I really hope you all get better and are still hanging on.🙌🙏💖
"I feel like this too. I don't understand what it is. Sometimes it's more extreme. Hope you're still hanging on.
I'm going to stick around for as long as I feel like it, but when I deiced that I had enough, I will leave in the calmest, cleanest and most polite way possible as not to inconvenience others by my decision.
I think what we experience is part of the human experience, natural and everything else we do is the unnatural part. Plus the only reason ""Professionals"" and ""Governments"" pretend to care, is because its their chosen career and to make sure that there are more cattle in the farm ( the cattle are us).
Please do not tell me how lucky I am and to look at the less fortunate, I was borne in a refugee camp! and I lived there until 10 years of age. I remember having nothing and being happy because I didn't any better , It is a 100 times worse to have more than many and still be ""JOYLESS!"", it adds a new layer of guilt for every single thing that should make you happy and your are not.
I attended a couple of Maori funerals in New Zealand, all we did for a WEEK, was drink, eat and celebrate the life of the departed. Many other societies have the same Idea and many of them existed for over 20+ thousand years. But NOOOOOO! We the ""civilized"" ones (with a few hundred years under our belt) must live as long as possible to pay more taxes, to buy houses, to finance wars, and keeps governments and useless public servants (including me when I was one) in their jobs. And the majority of them, do not have enough sense to think of 1% of what we are discussing here.
I feel the same way you do, I had a reasonably good life, traveled, got a wonderful family, PhD, etc... I just can't shake the feeling that none of this matters. Who the hell are we to ask the most arrogant question ""Why are we here?"" who the hell do we think we are.
"I felt the same way for the past 20 years, its like I am watching a very long and boring movie, which I know the ending for it and yet everyone around me is forcing me to keep watching it. Its like I am watching a bad magic show and I know how all the tricks are done. The worst thing is when you talk to the ""professionals"" and they keep spouting the same patronizing crap and you keep biting your tong because you do want them to label you or medicate you, which could ruin your kids chances of getting your life insurance payout if you deiced to leave the movie before it finishes.
I don't know what exactly i am doing....!
At first i was searching reasons to talk to her and now searching reasons to avoid talking to her.
I have a good family and girlfriend whom i always feel annoyed. It's very difficult to understand a girl and what actually runs in their mind.
But alone and i dont need a company either.
Sometimes feel like to go some where far away from people.
I don't know where i am heading too.
Even i feel the same.
80% of your thoughts are matching to mine.
Well, that went grey pretty quick jeez, lol. Anyway perhaps just this very act of sharing is enough to keep hope alive...like a support group of sorts...I'll leave you with a verse that
If all else fails, good honest instrumental music always seems to cut through my conscious mind no matter my emotional state and hits me straight in my subconscious (like how a good or a bad smell almost immediately can stir up memories or feelings) - it almost forces a smile out of me and the sun then breaks through the clouds if only for a little while...the takeaway here being that of being present in that moment, it gives me hope of something more if only for a short while.
I don't know, I keep praying about it and am experiencing more of the authentic joy buried deep inside - I savour it when it appears, but I know exactly how you feel.
I can't say I have any answers because I feel exactly the same way as you, but I've been feeding my mind and spirit with not just general positive stuff, but what I feel is truth to me - sifting through the superficial fortune cookie quotes and delving deeper to get to the heart of what is true, it really has brought a change in perspective at least for me. It just gets hard every day, getting up in the morning you feel somewhat ready to take on the day, but then the cloud catches up and you're back under it wondering why you bothered waking up at all, by the evening I feel like a zombie, drained and defeated once more.
I can say I've been blessed in my life with an incredible, loving (though imperfect as all are) family and extended family as well as a pretty good upbringing with good opportunities...but like you I feel useless for the most part and have no desire for life really. I've managed to hold a job for a number of years, although it has been my first proper one out of varsity - but even so the feelings have never left completely, I have perhaps one or two close friends I still keep in contact with otherwise my closest friends are my family, my male cousins and my older sister. I've gone deeper in my faith and committed to going to church every Sunday with my Mom and older sister and have been doing so for about a year and a half - a major feat as I'm not one of those disciplined folk at all though I've made a decision to treat it like I treat my job, get up and go despite your feelings and desire to sleep in - it always ends up being beyond rewarding and incredibly uplifting.
Man, it's insane how accurately your descriptions of how you feel line up with how I've been feeling for years and the cloud was especially thick tonight which is how I ended up here. The irony is not lost on me that all of a sudden I'm excited and gained a burst of energy knowing that I'm not alone in feeling so incredibly listless most days and 'apathetic' too as one user described it.
I didn't think I'd find my psychological doppelganger (or perhaps I'm yours), but indeed here you are and after having read your posts up until the very recent ones I can most certainly relate.
"This is a good response, and one i feel the same as. I continue to live for my familys sake, but life is not. Good for me, too many years of trying to treat something they dont manage to affect. I dont know how i get through the days really. Hubby gets angry sometimes and says im not trying, but i am, it just wont get better
"I just want to say I love all of you , the fact that there are others like me helps me everyday . Deep deep down it hits a piece of me that is dark and helps greatly because I know I am 38 now and can't change anything or expect anything out of talking ( because I am not a talker really hate the grind of talk that has no meaning) but if I find some solitude even for 15 min then it is worth it at this point . I am at a all time high on not being able to take it ! So ty all and hopefully one day some of us will find each other and have a real impact on our lives .
There is no fix for me.
I am not suicidal but wish every night that I will not wake up in the morning.
"At least you are honest about things. I am 65 now and am breathing air that should belong to people who deserve it. I also cannot see things changing.
I am in a vicious circle largely of my own making or thought processes but it does not change the reality and such is my age that it is now impossible for me to repair the damage I, or my mind, has done to my life.
So I apologise for not giving a better answer. I wish I could give you a more positive spin. But in a world in which I see ever more proof that to succeed you need to be selfish then perhaps I was never cut out for humanity anyway.
Life hasn't improved, I still can't function as 'normal' and try to continue finding a route which just about suffices whilst continually making me feel half complete. I can't hold a job so take temporary ones but therefore can't be what I feel I need to be (financially stable, a non-burden on those around me) - I find short term solutions to long term problems but kind of know, deep down, that I will inevitably reach a D Day and will be unlikely see old age. That in itself is some comfort.
Which is why I rarely post on here any more. I am no poster boy for success.
"Nothing changes, just my ability to pretend things are fine. The thought processes remain each and every day. I am all I ever thought I was. Some days I will ignore it better than others but it's always there.
"Me too, coming to the conclusion that after all a/d trials i am left with this for life. At least i had several good years beforeit hit. Love to find an answer though
"Give me ur whatsapp number.i want to know details because i have same problem
"I just want to say that, yes, I HAVE NO GOOD REASON and I am depressed. I have been depressed since age 18 as I can remember...it's just how I am...I have no good ""excuse"" and that can make it feel worse because your pain feels unjustified and that feel shameful. I don't know why some people are like this (like us) but you are not alone. I am sorry for your pain. Truly.
So i know what it feels like alone lost tired - not a great thing to be huh
I feel for you i really do. check out Athur Janov primal scream no, not a self help book it's real and cuts to the bone of why we feel the way we do..but alas nothing worked CBT NLP midfulness etc nothing at all, I am a consultant and quit my role i left my long term partner he wasn't that bothered really. I lost my dad and i am floating in my head like some wind that is just passing through
"Tired is something I now a lot about. Caring too much is tiring as is thinking too much and then not caring. Everything i have read here is the same as what I feel and have gone through also. People leave i feel lost alone and just plain tired have little or no feeling for anything and jusmp onto diff things at the drop of a hat
"I pretty much feel the same. I am just tired of these little unfortunate events that happen to me everyday. Like a si oke task (steps a to b), something will just happen and the task would be complicated (making it steps a to e). get me? and seeing good things happen to bad people. I have been a victim of some of them. I tried to help soneone and she gets away with my money. My family treat me as others bec I am highly introverted. And friends who are just there when they need you and during good times. I try to be positive and optimistic but now I am just tired.So tired. No hope left in me.
"Feel much the same but you know what, the problem is that there's no solution but miracle or death and I believe that the second one is more likely. I don't wanna sound like I'm too gloomy and pessimistic, no not at all, but There comes a point in life or at least in my life that you .....
I am very angry about how this last relationship ended as there was nothing we could do about it. I feel totally dead inside.
It is as if my time here is spent and I wish something would happen to end it all. I do not have the courage to try suicide.
I am now living with my eldest son and his partner which is hardly ideal but it is a roof over my head. I cannot imaging going on like this and since I have had all sorts of health issues myself for which cardio and chest investigations have been done without any result I really cannot see any reason myself staying on this earth for any longer.
My story in all of this is that I have been divorced three times previously and had numerous relationships - all fairly short (around a year). Five of those ended as a result of a child, albeit they were all adults, and over the years I have felt more and more useless as a partner. I have always been banned from interfering.
I suggested, as did other friends and family, that the daughter get help from a professional. My partner seemed reluctant to admit that her daughter may have a mental issue but eventually suggested to her that she would go to where she lives and help her to get the help she needs. Eventually that is what happened.
Later in December her 33 year old daughter who lives a distance away started verbally and emotionally abusing her mother. This developed to the point where my partner was completely traumatised by the constant abuse.
"At the beginning of 2016 I met someone and fell in love with her. The year has been the best of my miserable life. In December an old boyfriend arrived uninvited at the door and her reaction to him disturbed me in the sense that she was obviously not over this previous relationship.
Hope you are still with us..an i mean us...The people that suffer fron clinical depression..
"U r absolutely right.i have same feelings and thinking.but i want to enjoy my life i want to feel the beauty of life as the people around me..plz anybody help me
"I am sorry to hear that you feel like I do. I just want to say that I totally agree with you and I'm stuck here living this life too. It's too bad we have to live a life that is so unhappy.
I have searched every option, and found no solution. I think it is in genes. ""Depression"" or this miserable feeling will stay until we are breathing. So based on my experience, there is no way to get out of this. The only things I found that would take me, for few hours or short time, out of this miserable situation are the no-no stuff that knocks one out. Life is meaningless, boring, depressive, and unfair.
I'm not going to sugarcoat. Here is the truth based on my experience: there is NO ANSWER. you are not going to find happiness or what you are looking for. I didn't. After reading all your posts, I see that you are a little similar to me in how you feel. But I'm in much worse situation. The older we get, the worse it gets.
"Hi friend..I do not care either..I have no one in my life that does not want something off me..Thier motives to help me are never truly altruistic.All I want to do is get my health better but I am never given much opportunity. I know from reading others issues it helps with your own..I hope things work out..If you bring things back to basics it always seems to help me..excercise..food..mental stimulus.
"I feel the same. I'm just so tired. No sappy stoey here. I just think I am ready to die now.
After analyizing these conditions for happyness in me I realized that these are the things that human beings are meant to do. We are meant to seek personal or familial enrichment through hard work and adventure seeking. In the days of our ancestors when the work that you did gave a direct result of how good your life was it was easy to find fulfillment. When we were able to strike out into the world and make it as we saw fit with our own 2 hands and imaginations for ourselvs and our loved ones we were fulfilling our purpose and thus had no reason to be depressed. It is this modern societal construct that is failing us, Human beings were not meant to live in this way! We were not meant to be shackled by any rules, laws and obligations that we did not choose for ourselves! I want to point at a horizon and go as far and as fast as i can in that direction then settle down any damn place i please to nurture myself and my family! I want to learn about anything that takes my interest simply by watching/listening and trying! That is the freedom we are meant to have and THAT is the only way of life that will make a healthy human being! Untill these great societies of ours recognizes these basic human needs whe will continue to circle the drain and more and more people will grow ravenous as these needs continue to go unsatisfied untill eventually it will all collapse in chaos and people are FORCED to live in those ways simply to survive and to rebuild, just like our ancestors.
"I have been afflicted with these feelings and issues for the vast majority of my life. I find myself falling into the same self defeating patterns that you describe and having a lackluster outlook on life and living in general. But I remember the times when I was happy, the times when things seemed to make sense and feel right. There were certain conditions being met in all of those circumstances, not all at once or in any particular order but those conditions were as follows.
I'm not even sure I have depression, I think this may just be 'me'.
I have always been pretty useless socially, but have had a normal upbringing, no horrible experiences, have gone through education fine and even got jobs but I've never enjoyed life, never really cared and normally feel like I'm not really worth anything and, inevitably enventually, will become a burden.
I'm not going to be dramatic and say I'm going to end it, it sounds so pathetic (no offence intended to anyone) but I have thoughts of 'going' or even dreams that I could die 'blamelessly' thorugh accident or illness. Selfish I know.
I have a cycle. Get job, put on confident easy going persona, get physically tired from doing that, lose energy to maintain job, focus on negative, leave job in some form (fired/quit). Friends are much the same, play easy going fun, can't keep it up, lose or push them away. Relationships, get attracted to ones who need help, help them in anyway I can, get to a point where I feel I am no more use so should go as they'd be ultimately better off.
So, currently I've quit my job as a teacher, couldn't take it - always something to improve and with my way of thinking that just sounds like constantly someone telling you you're useless (and it backing up your own thoughts anyway) but even though I liked aspects of my job I don't think I had a passion like I see in others. I felt I'd let everyone down so disappeared, my partner/ parents got me through immediate days after my sudden departure from work and saw Doc who was nice enough - put me on medication which seemed to do very little - even after a few months. In fact it only had negative side effects so about three weeks ago I stopped taking them completely. I also started seeing a CBT person about three/four session ago but this feels like it's doing nothing at all either, we talk, I'm honest as I can be but there is some element of being 'public' and putting on that face/ jokey responses.
I dip between a wish to not be around that is forever there and seems to be backed up with wholly logical reasons that people genuinely struggle to refute to absolutely crashing panic attacks/ given up when my 'theories' are proved.
I know this sounds odd, but I don't even have the will to get 'better', largely because I don't think I can. I am just 'me'. I am negative, boring and even if it is all just selffullfillng profecies - it's still me who has done that. I'm not blaming life, or others or anything else.
I just feel I'm never going to be happy, I am soon to be much a burden on those around me (my gf) and that, in the long run, it'd be better for all if I just went. I know my family and gf love me - but time heals, life would get better and people move on. In the long run I'm sure it wouldn't effect my family and 100% sure my gf would be better off.
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired.
oh im so sorry to read all this, i pretty much feel the same as you, and i often think i wish i never was born, and i find my life a total diseaster, all the wrong decisions i made...im very depressed, taking medication, see counsellor, but in the end its all up to yourself.
You have taken the first step and that is asking for help. It can always be worse. It sounds like you are extremely depressed. I too have had problems keeping jobs and friends.. when I got to the point to where I wanted to end my life, I did something that I've always wanted to do. I went skydiving and all my big problems became very small. I think facing death in an indirect way helped turn my life around. Every time I got to the point to where I was depressed I would go skydiving again. About seven years ago I didn't think it to get worse but I got Dystonia torticollis, that's where your muscles start pulling the wrong way. My head lies on my shoulder and I'm in extreme pain all the time. In between being depressed and getting torticollis I actually became successful until I got torticollis. Please try skydiving jumping out of a plane will help. And remember it can always get worse. If you realize how lucky you are and that ""the big problems in life are really not as big as what you think"" I am now broke and I'm worse off than I've ever been but I feel everyday is a gift. Even though I'm in extreme pain and my body is distorted now for some reason I want to live every minute that I possibly can. Just remember it could always be worse. Merry Christmas
​But then on the same hand, not recognising how lucky I am isn't the problem, it's knowing that I am and I'm still not feeling good which then further compounds how bad I feel about myself. I know I'm luckier than most, I know things could be worse, I live in an affluent country with water on tap, have good health and had a normal upbringing with no major traumas. So knowing this makes me feel EVEN worse about myself. I see I'm selfish, and ungrateful, and petty and all other words - why can't I just be happy?
I've put my life on the line a few times, both within the safety confines of organised activities and on the less controlled activities I may do myself - it doesn't help me. Being near death doesn't impact me positively or negatively - I'm almost apathetic to it.
If we all focused on 'it could be worse' they'd be very few people in this world who could complain, unfortunately it's not that simple. This depression doesn't care that I'm lucky, it just cares that I think badly of myelf and reminds me of it every day and actually accelerates when I speak to people who could argue they do have a good reason to feel bad. I know I don't - and that makes it even worse.
Not having the luxury of either family, friend or partner to bail me out I must work or sleep on the streets within weeks. No other options due to my inability to function as a normal human. Personal responsibility is a wonderful thing.
The reason I ask is purely that I don't have either the time or the inclination to do something for myself as I don't deserve the help from me that others receive without question, oh and the fact that High Functioning AS adults currently don't get diagnosed (labelled) due to them being too clever and the only so called 'real help' out there costs an arm and a leg, both of which I'd rather keep hold of thanks!
Please don't pick holes in my punctuation, grammar and sentence building (lack of) skills, I may have also once been a teacher, been measured by British Mensa and found to be an actual genius and have taken ages writing and re-writing this, but I still make mistakes.
I've also mentioned that it is probably important to get outside your own head - think about doing things that stop you thinking about yourself. However, as a caveat, I also recognise doing anything (like talking to another human being as you rightly point out!) can be extrememly stressful.
Quick research, scan read. Told you I would... I definitely don't have HFSA. You may well have but it'd take more than a quick chat to establish that.
I think I have depression, with social anxiety. I have signs of bipolar, I get symptoms of SAD, I have trichotillomania, I have mild OCD that gets worse if I'm stressed, I have panic attacks, I over think everything, I have low self-esteem and no confidence, I feel suicidal most days and a million other mini-labels. Doesn't help me though. It's the classic 'what's in a name?'
I hope you see my point. We sound very similar yet I would class myself as a people pleaser, I rarely sure emotion outside the house and am overly polite to even strangers. So whilst HFSA might apply in parts, it doesn't solve everything.
I don't know when you wrote this or how your feeling now but I am feeling the thoughts.
You however seem to know this and some so I'm guessing you feel similar to me. The answer for you is not to concentrate on the whys his and why not but to keep on doing what your doing and compliment yourself for it as your making the world a better place
I feel the exact same way, we are all lead to believe that we are unique. This is the strangest thing I've ever experienced. I do believe we need to chat together. The way you feel is the exact same as I feel in my life right now.
Big hug & prayers to you Steve. I know this is years later but I can't help but tear up when you speak of dystonia, because my mum had it and I'm sure it was the toughest time in her life. She did recover though with prayer & Botox injections etc. I wish you strength.
I'm not even sure I have depression, I think this may just be 'me'.
I have always been pretty useless socially, but have had a normal upbringing, no horrible experiences, have gone through education fine and even got jobs but I've never enjoyed life, never really cared and normally feel like I'm not really worth anything and, inevitably enventually, will become a burden.
I'm not going to be dramatic and say I'm going to end it, it sounds so pathetic (no offence intended to anyone) but I have thoughts of 'going' or even dreams that I could die 'blamelessly' thorugh accident or illness. Selfish I know.
I have a cycle. Get job, put on confident easy going persona, get physically tired from doing that, lose energy to maintain job, focus on negative, leave job in some form (fired/quit). Friends are much the same, play easy going fun, can't keep it up, lose or push them away. Relationships, get attracted to ones who need help, help them in anyway I can, get to a point where I feel I am no more use so should go as they'd be ultimately better off.
So, currently I've quit my job as a teacher, couldn't take it - always something to improve and with my way of thinking that just sounds like constantly someone telling you you're useless (and it backing up your own thoughts anyway) but even though I liked aspects of my job I don't think I had a passion like I see in others. I felt I'd let everyone down so disappeared, my partner/ parents got me through immediate days after my sudden departure from work and saw Doc who was nice enough - put me on medication which seemed to do very little - even after a few months. In fact it only had negative side effects so about three weeks ago I stopped taking them completely. I also started seeing a CBT person about three/four session ago but this feels like it's doing nothing at all either, we talk, I'm honest as I can be but there is some element of being 'public' and putting on that face/ jokey responses.
I know this sounds odd, but I don't even have the will to get 'better', largely because I don't think I can. I am just 'me'. I am negative, boring and even if it is all just selffullfillng profecies - it's still me who has done that. I'm not blaming life, or others or anything else.
I just feel I'm never going to be happy, I am soon to be much a burden on those around me (my gf) and that, in the long run, it'd be better for all if I just went. I know my family and gf love me - but time heals, life would get better and people move on. In the long run I'm sure it wouldn't effect my family and 100% sure my gf would be better off.
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired...
I pretty much felt like that most of my life. Moving from place to place whether it is work, friends, relationships or home. Living is just so tiring and it isn't fun or enjoyable. It took me a failed marriage which ended in the most hostile way possible to seek some help. I am slowly and beginning to admit that it is some form of depression. Haven't done the CBT though. Even if you don't think you are suffering from depression, try everything, you never know, something might work for you.
Thank you. I am trying everything but more out of doing what I'm told than having a belief anything will change. I couldn't vouch for CBT yet, it's done nothing. Mind you same for medication! What is depression and what is just character?!
I have also moved from place to place as a child never had any real friends. Never felt like i fit in. When i do make an effort with work groups people i can only last so long it gets tiring and i cant be bothered. I thought if i did hair from home home that would be better but even then i dread people coming i am sick of that as well. I thought getting married having children would help my quest in searching for happiness but it us all just exhausting even though i love my children . i wonder when is it ever going to end or is life about living in this rat race constantly having scheduals and running aroubd plus trying to fit in seeing people so they dont get annoyed. Its all too mich fir me. I look at peopke who seem so happy ,motivated and excited about life and feell what is wrong with me. I would rathet just be on my own with no scheduals but calmness does this mean i am just a lazy person. I try to be upbeat but it wears off quickly.
What a well written submission, and I hope it helped rsjg as it did me. For a long time I have tried to understand why moving to America at first excited me, then overwhelmed me (2 step daughters perhaps?) and then I began having anxiety attacks - something I never had before. You are right, and now, after going through being betrayed, and losing several loved ones, I see quite clearly the happy facade in California around me. It is, as you say, deadening, almost like living in a Stepford Wives movie where you don't fit in.
Your description of depression is also very clarifying. I think it was my only way to numb the pain of inadequacy and lost love. I wondered why i had lost my spirit which was once so strong, why I struggled to feel a sense of belonging .... anywhere. Why I looked at myself and wondered who I was.
Sally! I couldn't agree more! I also feel like that
Oh Tess, how many have said that to me, family and friends, yet I seem rooted to the spot having lost faith in being able to cope on my own or make any meaningful life again. A friend just said to me, Rock Bottom is a safe place to be, it's solid and you can only go up (or sink in the sand?). So I have to believe there is going to be something that will jolt me back into living, hope and believing. Funny, as my husband comes from a Hollywood upbringing.
Hi I relate very much to what you are saying as I have much the same thoughts. I just feel sad and hopeless much of the time and wish my life could end in a natural way. Then I feel awful thinking this with so many people with life threatening illnesses who desperately want to live.
I don't have anyone to love me - no partner or kids (I am 60) so you are one up on me. I have 3 sisters and only 1 nephew. 1 sister (who I don't have or want any contact with) has 1 son. She is a snob. Out of my other 2 1 is a recluse and shuts herself away and the other is a thief who stole all our mothers money before she died. So I have no one who would truely miss me. At least you have love and constant people in your life.
Thanks for your reply rsjg. I do see on sister quite a lot and of course I do have friends - several close ones, drinking friends, casual friends etc. I am not working as can't get a job so am often lonely.
I do go to a social club for over 55's but don't do knitting! I play cards in one of them and attend a writers group. Despite my advanced age I do occasionally go to nightclubs you know....
I have quite a good social life and go out at least 3 evening a week playing darts and dommies with the lads at my local. I also go to bingo.
Oh and I certainly don't need my reclusive sister!!! You sound very young and I think you will find that us 'old folk' don't sit in a corner of a kitchen anymore knitting anymore and I hope you will be the same when you are old like me....
It doesn't follow that I know how to make myself happy so I don't know where you got that idea. I keep as busy as I can but what I was saying was I don't have love in my life or anyone really close to me. That makes me unhappy. No one would miss me that much if I wasn't here.
I to am in my 50's and on face book there are many groups but mostly for the younger generation and I don't sit and knit either lol I am here if you need to talk ok
I'm not even sure I have depression, I think this may just be 'me'.
I have always been pretty useless socially, but have had a normal upbringing, no horrible experiences, have gone through education fine and even got jobs but I've never enjoyed life, never really cared and normally feel like I'm not really worth anything and, inevitably enventually, will become a burden.
I'm not going to be dramatic and say I'm going to end it, it sounds so pathetic (no offence intended to anyone) but I have thoughts of 'going' or even dreams that I could die 'blamelessly' thorugh accident or illness. Selfish I know.
I have a cycle. Get job, put on confident easy going persona, get physically tired from doing that, lose energy to maintain job, focus on negative, leave job in some form (fired/quit). Friends are much the same, play easy going fun, can't keep it up, lose or push them away. Relationships, get attracted to ones who need help, help them in anyway I can, get to a point where I feel I am no more use so should go as they'd be ultimately better off.
So, currently I've quit my job as a teacher, couldn't take it - always something to improve and with my way of thinking that just sounds like constantly someone telling you you're useless (and it backing up your own thoughts anyway) but even though I liked aspects of my job I don't think I had a passion like I see in others. I felt I'd let everyone down so disappeared, my partner/ parents got me through immediate days after my sudden departure from work and saw Doc who was nice enough - put me on medication which seemed to do very little - even after a few months. In fact it only had negative side effects so about three weeks ago I stopped taking them completely. I also started seeing a CBT person about three/four session ago but this feels like it's doing nothing at all either, we talk, I'm honest as I can be but there is some element of being 'public' and putting on that face/ jokey responses.
I know this sounds odd, but I don't even have the will to get 'better', largely because I don't think I can. I am just 'me'. I am negative, boring and even if it is all just selffullfillng profecies - it's still me who has done that. I'm not blaming life, or others or anything else.
I just feel I'm never going to be happy, I am soon to be much a burden on those around me (my gf) and that, in the long run, it'd be better for all if I just went. I know my family and gf love me - but time heals, life would get better and people move on. In the long run I'm sure it wouldn't effect my family and 100% sure my gf would be better off.
Not sure if there is an answer for this, just writing. I'm not angry, I'm not hurt, I'm not even sad as such, I'm just tired...
oh im so sorry to read all this, i pretty much feel the same as you, and i often think i wish i never was born, and i find my life a total diseaster, all the wrong decisions i made...im very depressed, taking medication, see counsellor, but in the end its all up to yourself..
You have taken the first step and that is asking for help. It can always be worse. It sounds like you are extremely depressed. I too have had problems keeping jobs and friends.. when I got to the point to where I wanted to end my life, I did something that I've always wanted to do. I went skydiving and all my big problems became very small. I think facing death in an indirect way helped turn my life around. Every time I got to the point to where I was depressed I would go skydiving again. About seven years ago I didn't think it to get worse but I got Dystonia torticollis, that's where your muscles start pulling the wrong way. My head lies on my shoulder and I'm in extreme pain all the time. In between being depressed and getting torticollis I actually became successful until I got torticollis. Please try skydiving jumping out of a plane will help. And remember it can always get worse. If you realize how lucky you are and that ""the big problems in life are really not as big as what you think"" I am now broke and I'm worse off than I've ever been but I feel everyday is a gift. Even though I'm in extreme pain and my body is distorted now for some reason I want to live every minute that I possibly can. Just remember it could always be worse. Merry Christmas
​But then on the same hand, not recognising how lucky I am isn't the problem, it's knowing that I am and I'm still not feeling good which then further compounds how bad I feel about myself. I know I'm luckier than most, I know things could be worse, I live in an affluent country with water on tap, have good health and had a normal upbringing with no major traumas. So knowing this makes me feel EVEN worse about myself. I see I'm selfish, and ungrateful, and petty and all other words - why can't I just be happy?
I've put my life on the line a few times, both within the safety confines of organised activities and on the less controlled activities I may do myself - it doesn't help me. Being near death doesn't impact me positively or negatively - I'm almost apathetic to it.
Not having the luxury of either family, friend or partner to bail me out I must work or sleep on the streets within weeks. No other options due to my inability to function as a normal human. Personal responsibility is a wonderful thing.
The reason I ask is purely that I don't have either the time or the inclination to do something for myself as I don't deserve the help from me that others receive without question, oh and the fact that High Functioning AS adults currently don't get diagnosed (labelled) due to them being too clever and the only so called 'real help' out there costs an arm and a leg, both of which I'd rather keep hold of thanks!
I've also mentioned that it is probably important to get outside your own head - think about doing things that stop you thinking about yourself. However, as a caveat, I also recognise doing anything (like talking to another human being as you rightly point out!) can be extrememly stressful.
I think I have depression, with social anxiety. I have signs of bipolar, I get symptoms of SAD, I have trichotillomania, I have mild OCD that gets worse if I'm stressed, I have panic attacks, I over think everything, I have low self-esteem and no confidence, I feel suicidal most days and a million other mini-labels. Doesn't help me though. It's the classic 'what's in a name?'
I hope you see my point. We sound very similar yet I would class myself as a people pleaser, I rarely sure emotion outside the house and am overly polite to even strangers. So whilst HFSA might apply in parts, it doesn't solve everything.
I don't know when you wrote this or how your feeling now but I am feeling the thoughts.
I feel the exact same way, we are all lead to believe that we are unique. This is the strangest thing I've ever experienced. I do believe we need to chat together. The way you feel is the exact same as I feel in my life right now.
Big hug & prayers to you Steve. I know this is years later but I can't help but tear up when you speak of dystonia, because my mum had it and I'm sure it was the toughest time in her life. She did recover though with prayer & Botox injections etc. I wish you strength.
I no exactly how you feel.reading what you've wrote sounds like I wrote it myself I just don't have an answer to give you I wish I did I'd help myself too , I just wanted you to no there are others who feel the same . Cbt isn't helping me either.
If so many of us are feeling the same way, it almost seems like it is actually normal to feel this way about life.
That's exactly how I felt the first time I had depression.
Anti-depressants can help but every person's brain is different so pills aren't a one size fits all sort of thing. It can take time to work, or even to find the right ones for you. I tried 2 before the third drug worked for me. But that is something you may want to discuss with your gp or counsellor.
I'm wary of drugs anyway. But I gave them about three months plus and no effect at all. If my life meant I had to take drugs forever I'd rather not anyway!
I read through your posts and found them to be really helpful as Ive suffered from anxiety and depression since 18 but never really knew what it was till recently. I decided recently to go back to a low amount of medication for anxiety and depression to hopefully keep me mellow as I broke down walking home from work one day and locked myself away for a while.
I suffered from my first major breakdown at 21 now 27, I started a new job as a teacher I was fine for the first 2 months but the more responsibility I took on the more i got stressed and anxiety and evently depression kicked in. I couldnt hold myself together and would go home and cry myself to sleep. I didnt want people to see me the way I was including my family and as I had moved to a new area in the UK only had a few friends I could confide in about what I was going through. Now when i look back on it i just wish i had been more wiser as seeked a second opinion as my doctor at the time just said i needed to get out more and see more friends. I was actually doing ok and enjoyed helping students with there studies and a lot of it was in my head. In the end my parents came down and took me home and looked after me and got me back to a normal state.
Id like to say am cured and never suffer from it but that would be lying. But once i got back on my feet i went travelling had some great experiences and now living in Australia.
Im not going to say am perfect now as I have another dilema in my life if I want to stay in Australia or go home as feeling not completly settled and I have been in Aus for nearly 5 years.
Im not sure if this has helped and sorry if I have rambled on but I wish you luck in the future. I try and do one at least one new experience a week if thats trying a new restaurant, go on a date or meet a new person. I started hitting the gym more as its very cliche but feel so much better after going.
Hope you feel better soon. Have a listen to a band called the Album Leaf it helps me relax and close off my mind.
I'm not sure what I'll do now, think teaching is gone, can't see what I can do to keep me 'sane' as a career and find very little point in most things. I go to CBT but it just feels like we're talking about philosophy, my way of thinking hasn't changed one iota.
I had no reasons to think this way, I created them almost. Now I actually have no job etc. I am not a victim, I did it to myself. I think I have just given up, if I see 2015 I will be a little surprised as I imagine something will come along in next few months that will be enough to knock me fully over the edge; an unexpected bill, a worry how I'm impacti
Yeah teaching isnt for everyone and at that time in my life it wasnt. Have you thought about going travelling for extended time go work some jobs you never thought you would do. I worked on a farm stay and at one point cooked up a meal for 40 people which i never thought I could do and had to wash emus and feed osterichs lol. I know its hard to save but just cutting some luxarys out makes it a little easier.
Australia is beautiful place dont get me wrong and i have some amazing friends but do miss my family a lot as there all back in the UK. I only get to see them like 3 weeks a year and still want to travel more.
I know how you feel as recently i left my job like yourself and have only had two weeks off and feel like i should be back at work but am slowly working on parts of my life with the time off I have. its good to have structure which am lacking at the moment as am going to bed late and getting up in the afternoons but now after 2 weeks of i need to change my ways and start getting a few things off my to do list as then i feel satisifed and happier for myself.
It funny how you mention about reason of been depressed there doesnt always need to be a root cause. I had a job with people that i got on with most of the time but as i sat there everyday at the same desk, talking to pretty much the same people with the same problems I realised there must be something else Id rather be doing and needed some time off to help realise what that will be. Im now looking at jobs where i can help people as i miss the one to one and want a job that i find rewarding. You just need to mix things up in life, there isnt one set route and if you want to do something different you can there is no wrong paths.
I do love travelling but now, having just had to quit work, it isn't even possible for me to 'save' at all. Besides, my gf still has a job so I'm taking on my full time job of being a burden
I too only really get enjoyment from helping others, the issue comes that when that 'problem' is solved I feel of no use and begin to withdraw. I have done it with friends and family. My girlfriend is a case in point, she had relationship, financial and work issues and I helped her solve all of these to be in a better place to the point now she considers everything to be pretty good in those departments, but I have nothing left to offer her. Worse still, I am now only going to be a burdn on her financially and emotionally and can offer her no decent future prospects. All that swims in my head is ""if you love them let them go"" as staying with her seems very selfish.
However, she is the first person who I have ever really shared this with. My past relationships completed the cycle! She understands as much as one can and is very supportive but I feel that her patience must run out eventually (she's a teacher so she does have a lot!) and she shouldn't have to deal with this anyway.
I wish I could find just one positive to focus on. I really can't. The only one I should have (my gf) I twist to make it one of the biggest negatives - me being a burden to her. I'm not fun, I'm not confident, I now have no job, I have cr*p future financially, I can never acheive in basic things like house buying etc (I've never even owned a car in my name!) because every time I get myself on an even keel I sabotage it best I can, waiting for the disaster to hit.
"Yeah my family remind me how much an achievement it is but i feel like am missing a lot of family time which i do crave and a Greggs Sausage Roll .
Hi, a late response to your post,I just really felt the need to reply. So much of what you said resonates with me, actually all of it does. The feeling like a burden thing, especially to my husband who is a fully functioning member of society who although sympathetic doesn't really get how others aren't so I can't shake the feeling that I'm dragging him down and why on earth would he want to hang around. The day to day struggle to perform simple tasks ie make a phone call, deal with the plumber, go to the shops for food. I could go on forever with my feelings but really I just seem to be someone whom life is just to hard for. And like you, it's for no good reason.
I fully empathise with your issues, they sound identical! I beat myself up a little more as, being a man, society expects you to step up - think I get weird looks when the gf is dealing with everything!
I understand exactly what you mean Ihm88. That's how I feel as well. I have always found life hard work as well and nothing has come easy for me. I wish something would for a change :d
I am 60 now and am tired, tired of fighting, and fairly tired of living but hey ho I have made it this far so some credit is due I guess.
I am just living now to make sure I get the pension I deserve after working all my life. Can't get it til 65 (hate the barstewards who changed that). I am determined to get my money's worth and live til at least 96
I feel just the same as you do. I really do not find anything to be impressive anymore and that makes me feel like I've seen it all. I just cant help to think there's nothing new even when it is.
I just googled ""I am tired of life"" and came across your discussion. I read your initial entry and thought I was reading about myself. I thought you stated your position extremely well and showed a tremendous amount of insight.
I also feel like my partner/wife would be better off without me. I know it. I have given up on relationships and have very few friends left. I wished I had an answer but even if I feel like I have an answer, it doesn't mean I will follow it simply because I am tired of trying. About the only three things get me somewhat excited are loooking forward to my next bike tour, my dog, and volunteering which gives me a good dose of perspective. Except for spending time with my do, doing the other 2 are requiring more and more effort.
I feel like I am fanning the flames instead of trying to help so I will stop. I hope you and others with the same situation will find some relief.
Paulsinbc you sound very similar! I'm impressed you can volunteer, I struggle with people and then somehow feel worse as I think I should be able to cope compared to people who have REAL problems. I've never felt hard done by or unfortunate - my problems are me!
However, you're right, there is an element of fanning the flames! The reason I've largely stopped looking at this site is I don't see a benefit for me or anyone else. I recognise some may get comfort from support from like minded people, or signposted to suitable resources or recognise symptoms of PTS or similar, but for me all I read is people who live with it forever with no answers and that in itself is depressing.
So for that reason I'm very much keeping this site at arms length. I'd unrealistically hoped for advice or signposting or, ridiculously, a miracle cure but it's more a gathering for people to support each other with knowing nods or virtual hugs. I recognise the support that may give to others but for me, it just makes me feel worse.
Little has changed. I tried drugs, didn't work, I tried therapy, too much religion and not willing to try again - a weird catch 22 in where you need to ask for help but are afraid of talking to people even day to day. Friends are nonexistent, I quit my job and haven't returned. I still feel like a burden to those around me, and how ever much they care it doesn't excuse it - in fact it makes it worse. I can't escape feeling that if I was a good person then I'd protect them from me - if you were highly infectious with a deadly disease would you hug your family? So internally and externally, very much status quo. I'm still here, slightly surprisingly.
It is fair to say I'm confused as to my wants and beliefs about my situation. One day it's just me and there is no hope, next day it's won't please someone give me a magic wand (but I won't ask!). If I seem ungrateful with any responses then that wasn't my intention, maybe it's my way, I always focus on negative and all I see is lots of people struggling and no-one coming out the other side. It feels like the blind leading the blind.
Further more most people seem to have a good reason through circumstance or substance abuse or dramas in their life -I'm just like this for no real reason. Pretty pathetic really.
My girlfriend does support me but it both helps me survive and yet stops me facing my issues and makes me feel not good enough and as if I'm holding her back. I know she doesn't feel that, but I feel like it MUST or it will eventually when she realises what she'll miss out on.
Cycles of mood are continuous but rarely hit a positive slant, some days I'm just ok and potter around and others I feel the strongest urge to give up. The only trigger I know doesn't help (but isn't crucial) is the weather but that's common with lots of people. A bad day will turn in to a bed day easily if it's grey! Lucky I live in UK
I've tried improvements in diet etc but I'm not exactly a bad eater anyway, exercise is fine but doesn't really change anything, just gives me something to do. Easily lose will to do it though. My socialising is obviously nonexistent and I try to encourage girlfriend to do her own thing with friends in that respect.
So in summary, nothings changed, I'm in a state of status quo, every plan I come up with I find a major flaw in, I strongly doubt there's a way out, I hate the way I look, sound and feel and feel I should protect people from their own blinkered love.
I agree, I have nothing to really complain about, I almost wish I did as then it'd explain it. I just can't cope with society; I can't even talk to people on the phone or worry about what a stranger thinks of me. I just don't know what to do; stubbornness, stupidity, anxiety stops me from doing things and every time I try to fight it I can only keep up the pretence for a while and then everything collapses. I just know I'm right - we seem scared to admit some people are just failures and not equipped. We could name loads of people in our lives we could say are useless or horrible etc, but the second their is an element of affection for them is we decide to lie to them and ourselves - ""they're just unlucky/ need help/ have hidden talents"" - I don't believe it.
I have, and if not struggling, do still do a fair bit of exercise. Cycling, jogging etc but fitness has never really helped. In my 20s particularly I was extremely fit but it didn't help. When I said way I look I meant more appearance than shape.
Oh and yeah, very fair to say I'm boring! Never smoked, done drugs, broken the law, have no wild stories, rarely drink, don't socialise, am afraid of people - I'm as vanilla as it comes! I know it's easy to change that if I wanted but I also can't on the same hand if that makes sense. If I'm not boring, you couldn't describe anyone as boring!
There's a degree of melancholy one experiences when depressed and with it comes the stubborness-I know, Ive been there. It doesn't help and you have to avoid the temptation to ruminate in it. Boring? Even if someone else did describe you in that way it's only their own subjective opinion. Ps I've found one of my hidden talents so I can't agree with you there. Inevitably you'll be good at something. I wasn't pointing out the good in your life to guilt trip you, I was hoping you could come up with a few more. Practicing gratefulness/thanking people raises happiness
I smiled at that last comment - my girlfriend says I'm too nice. It's a idea I struggle with (how can someone be too nice?) but she says people just take advantage or walk all over me. I'd bend over backwards to help a stranger even if it detrimented me which is possibly part and parcel of the worrying about what others think element. So whilst on here I may come across ungrateful I can assure you I'm not really - this is perhaps my selfish place. I've tried to be very thankful for all the responses on here, I just struggle to see any benefit in it.
You can't say you have a hidden talent and then not say what it is that's just mean...! Good for you though. Genuinely. However some people are just bang on average, I'm one of those. I'm not in some deluded spiral that makes me think I'm the worst at anything, or have a difficult hand or anything, I'm just realistic and know I, like many others, are just bang on average but if I do dip one way it's always the worse than average way. It's my head that beats me up for my limitations and stops me just fuctioning - it's hard to explain so I'll stop!
Trying to think of good things is difficult for me, I can't think of anything I can't put a negative slant on! Maybe I'm good at arguing... But if I look at widely accepted sections of my life it's not a good overall picture:
Family - fed up with me, disappointed and feel sorry for me on one hand. Have never really included me anyway (but maybe that's my withdrawal tendancies)
Love Life - good and yet that makes it bad! If I didn't care about her I'd be quite happy taking advantage but if you love someone you don't want to hurt them in any way, emotionally, financially, future etc. If you love them let them go as the saying goes...
Financially - was poor, sorted with job, would be cleared up in a few years (credit) but don't struggle day to day at all as girlfriend is very successful. So I'm just leaching...
Friends - if you can measure a person by their friends then I'm zero. I mean zero, not one person. My fault, there fault it, it doesn't really matter.
Career - down the pooper! Can't return to full time teaching, know I can't do that. To 'stuck up' for want of a better word to take a shop job knowing I trained to be a teacher. Also can't find another job that is term time only (to spend time with partner). I'd struggle in ANY job anyway. Too overqualified for most things that might suit purpose. Supply is possibility but that means new people and stuff every day - not my string point! Plus it means phone calls for availability and I can't talk on phone! Pathetic, whinging, excuse riddled crap eh? Not on benefits or anything as gf is on plentiful wage.
I do appreciate your help/advice. I still wonder if it's just character rather than depression. Maybe I'm just a cynical, boring, lonely, ugly loner. That's fine when it's just you, a killer when you feel you're holding others back from a 'proper' life.
I search for topic on ""Tired of life"" because i feel the same as you.
Reading your issues, I feel that I am reading about myself, maybe I am worst than you.
Is it good or bad, happy or sad to know that I and you are not alone?
So you and I are normal, there are many people around us feeling this way.
Solution? I have none else i will not be here looking for an answer.
Resisting the urge to get in to a theological debate... let's just agree to disagree. Sometimes I envy those with faith, today I almost feel anger... Anyway, my problem not yours.
I'm as tired as I've ever been. Tired, bored and had enough. I can't even think of a positive thing to say. I think I'm ready to sleep now.